Did you know that grey wolves are the biggest members in the dog family. Grey wolves have been adapting to different weathering over the years. The grey wolf population is over 22,000 wolves and is still increasing. The behavior of a grey wolf is similar to a dog's behavior. Grey wolves have one female and one male to have all the pups.

Adapting

The grey wolves have been living in a bunch of different places in the world that are really different from each other. some gray wolves live in Europe, but a lot live in Alaska, Canada, and
Asia. The range of the gray wolf covered over two-thirds of the United States. Now they cover way more than they used to cover.

Wolf Numbers

The population of the grey wolves has increased by a lot over the past 10 years. The grey wolf population has increased by over 20,000 over the past 30 years. Grey wolves were hunted until
scientists had to take the wolves in and bring the population back up. Now the wolf population is back up on its feet.

Wolf Actions

Grey wolves are known to roam around areas up to 12 miles a day. The grey wolves howl if they lose their pack. Grey wolves like to eat horned animals such as deer, elk, and moose. When the grey wolves are successful at catching prey, they don't act civilized.

In the pack

There is always one dominant male in the pack of a grey wolves and there is always one female and the dominant male mate and they have all the pups.The whole pack takes care of the pups even though its not their pup. The pack takes care of the pups by giving the pups food, protecting them from other animals, and stays with the pups while the pack goes hunting. Once a pup is two years old it can fend for itself and can start a new pack or stay in the pack it's already in.

Conclusion

As you can see the life of a grey wolf is very interesting. These fury fluff balls are helping keep the world balanced. They have adapted to different weathers, and Their population has gone back up.Their actions are very interesting and their lives in the pack are action-packed.(No pun intended.)

