Three toed sloth
	What is slowest mammal in the world and sleeps ten hours a day, what is clumsy on land but are great swimmers? The three toed sloth. The three toed sloth eats several different types of food, they live in Central and South American, and has many predators.

Food
	The three toed sloth eats fruit from the cecropia tree to get it's water and nutrients. They also eat small lizards, and carrion. The carrion they eat is like dead flesh. They also eat Buds. Buds is a compact growth on a plant that develops into a leaf, flower, or shoot.

Habitat
The tropical forests of Central and South America. They are an arboreal animal which means they live in trees. Descending to the ground only once a week to defecate, They live in the trees and rainforest because their arms are longer than their legs and curved feet for grasping branches.

Predators
	There head turns around in almost in a 360 This allows for greater rotation, which helps the sloth scan for predators like spectacled owls, harpy eagles, and snakes. Sloths to defend themselves are their large claws. If a sloth gets cornered it will hit at the predator with its claws hopefully to wound the predator or scare it away The sloths real defense comes from being unreachable. They do this by staying high up in the trees away from all the action. The most common reasons that sloth is going endangered are Humans and poaching. Humans- Humans are cutting down the red mangrove trees in which the three toed sloth lives in. Because they live in such a small area, this makes it hard for the sloths to survive.

Conclusion
The three toad sloth eats several different types of food, they live in Central and South American, and have many predators. Don't cut down trees the three toad sloth should not be endangered anymore.

Glossary
cecropia tree: a large genus of tropical trees that have stems hollow between the nodes and peltate deeply lobed rough leaves usually whitish beneath.

carrion: The carrion they eat is like dead flesh. They also eat

Buds: a compact growth on a plant that develops into a leaf, flower, or shoot.

Arboreal: animal that live in trees.

Defecate: Descending to the ground only once a week to go to the bathroom

Descending: moving or sloping downward.

Unreachable: unable to be reached or contacted.
