Sri Lanka
	Did you know that Sri Lanka has 22 national parks, and is ten times smaller than Texas? Texas has only 2 national parks, but Sri Lanka's and Texas's national parks are about the same size! Sri Lanka has a lot of different types of food and drinks, animals, and has great places to visit.

	First of all, there are 22 national parks in Sri Lanka, some of them are Yala, Wilpattu, Udawalawe, Bundala, Gal Oya, Minneriya, Horton Plains, and Pigeon Island. They have many protected areas where they have animals and plants that are rare and at risk of extinction. 2.1 people visit Sri Lanka a year and 3/4 of them come to visit the amazing National Parks.

	Secondly there are 3 main dishes in Sri Lanka. They are rice and curry, string hoppers and hoppers.
Everyday people eat these meals for breakfast, lunch, and/or dinner. Some of the fruits you can get in Sri Lanka (and almost nowhere else in the world) are jackfruit, rambutan, dragonfruit, breadfruit, star fruit and Mangosteen. They all are very nutritious and you can buy them almost anywhere in Sri Lanka. Also, there are many kinds of drinks too. Thambili is a Sri Lankan fruit known as the King Coconut. You can buy this fruit mostly anywhere. You can also put a straw in it and drink the water from it like that, or you can cut it open and pour the juice out into a cup. Some people cut it open to drink the juice but then also eat the "meat" or fruit part.

	Also, Sri Lanka is known for its tropical forests and all the species that live there. It is mostly known as the home of Asian Elephants, Peacocks, Sloth Bears, Fishing Cats, Leopards, and Monkeys. Some endangered animals are the Fin Whale, Jungle Shrew, Dugong, Fishing Cat, Humpback Whale, Rusty-spotted Cat, Sloth Bear, Sperm Whale, Sri Lankan Giant Squirrel, Sri Lankan Highland Shrew, and the Toque Macaque. They are endangered by illegal logging, illegal hunting, global warming and making buildings where animals could live.

	There are many great places to visit when you are there. For example Sigiriya, Royal Botanical Gardens, Galle Rock Fortress, Kandy, and Yala National Park. There are always crowded with many tourists trying to see the beautiful views and animals. But you can go there in the night because it's less crowded and it's still very pretty.

	In conclusion Sri Lanka has many different kinds of foods, animals, and great places to visit. When you go there I hope you try the foods see the awesome animals and.
