Why Tarsiers are endangered

Do you know the creature whose eyes are bigger than it sbrain? “A stare like no other animal.” well if you don’t know, its a Tarsier. Tarsiers bodys are equipped with a long tail and strong hands.They are carnivores and eat mainly insects. Tarsiers have to stay in trees so their predators don't get them. Their habitats are in the trees of great rainforests and their lives depend on staying away from other creatures. Read this book and you will learn how to save these lovable creatures.

	The tarsier is an arboreal nocturnal primate with a stocky body and long tail that is either sparsely covered in fur or has a tuft at the end. They have long and strong hind legs to jump from distances up to 5 meters. The tarsiers eyes are big for catching the little light that they see in the night. The Tarsiers have either have grey, brown, or ochre colored fur depending on the species of the tarsier. There are 13 different types of tarsier but they all have the long tail to cling to something. The hand and feet both have grippy spots on the face of their fingers. The hand has  fingers but, it doesn’t have a thumb.

	Tarsiers diet is made up of mostly insects, but they also eat birds, bats, lizards, and snakes. The tarsier will get it’s prey by jumping on it. The tarsier has to be very patient for its prey. Tarsiers are carnivores and hunt in the trees. The tarsier grabs its prey with its strong hands and holds the prey really tight. Then the tarsier will bite the animal with its forceful jaws.

	The tarsier has many predators, but the main predators are civets, arboreal snakes, and monitor lizards. Humans are also big threat to tarsiers because humans are choppping homes of tarsiers down and pulling them in to zoos. Humans also poach tarsiers because of their fur. These threats are killing the species of tarsiers. There is an estimate that are only 5,000 and 10,000 philippine Tarsiers left in the whole world and that number is going down.

	Tarsiers live in South East Asia, Borneo, Sumatra, Bangka, Beitung, Kalimata, and other surrounding islands. The tarsiers live in the trees but sometimes a tarsier will fall to the ground and break a bone. Then a predator can get them. The trees keep them hidden from predators.Tarsiers can sometimes be found in villages close to rain forests too.

	Help save these amazing creatures from extinction. As you can see the tarsiers are amazing little creatures that need to be protected. The tarsiers are keeping the amount of animals in the same spot. These animals are super interesting and you can help them.
