The American Revolution
	War is never good, funny, or happy. But looking back we can learn from past wars, specifically the Revolutionary War. The Revolutionary war was a terrible time like all wars. There were many causes that sparked this specific war. There were about 1,500 battles during the war. And the conclusion of the war that went on for eight years and ended in 1783.

How the War Began
	In the beginning, before the war in 1763, the French and Indian war ended which was the beginning of the Revolutionary War. The aftermath of the French and Indian war left Great Britain in a huge war debt so to pay it off they had to result of making taxes for the American to pay so they could make enough money to pay the debt. These taxes raised sugar and stamps and many more. But the American colonies thought that Britain was using the money to benefit themselves not the Americans. This led to an argument between the colonies leading to the revolutionary war in 1775.

The Battles of the War
The war kicked off on April 19, 1775, in Lexington and Concord. This battle was the first a long battle of skirmishes between the British regulars and the American soldiers for the provincial. The general ordered the British men to capture the colonists to make them surrender their position to the British. The American military lost a lot of supplies either hidden or destroyed, but after the gunfire settled the British lost 273 men and the American lost 95 with this the British retreated. The next battle was on June 17, 1775, the battle of bunker hill. This battle of bunker hill was actually more on breed's hill but the army accidently thought it was bunker hill they were fighting on. It started when the British wanted to get an advantage on the Americans by capturing two hills. But the American found out and led an attack on the British army. The British lost around 260 men and there were 800 wounded on the battlefield.

The Conclusion of the War
	The terrifying war started to come to an end in 1781 when the American army captured the general of the British army and forced him to give up their territory. Later about two years in 1783 the generall and the treaty of Paris made an announcement America finally became independent and was free from the British.

	As you see this war was terrible but in return, America got its independence. From the beginning to the hundreds of battles across the war, to the conclusion of the great battle. This war left with America changed forever and reshaped for the better of everyone. Imagine what life in America would be like if we didn't have independence and didn't have a war?
