Dance

Introduction
	Do you want to learn more about dance? Dance is an activity that you do anywhere, but some people take dance classes. I will teach you about why people dance, the history of dance, and the shows. So, go ahead and read on!

Why people dance
	Do you know why people dance? Well, it’s one of the few activities that you can take a class on, and yet, still be creative with what you’re doing. Although, there are types of dance that are more strict like classical ballet, there are dance types that aren’t, like contemporary. Also if you take classes, during events, if people are dancing you can show them your amazing dance moves! And, you can rearrange the moves you’ve learned and like, to truly express you! Also, when people dance they put their emotions into it, like happiness, sadness, anger, etc. All in all people dance because it expresses them.

History of dance
	Do you want to know about the history of dance? Well, in ballet there use to be a lot of boys and not as many girls, but now it’s almost the opposite. Ballet started in france, so all the ballet moves mean something in french. Except some of the contemporary moves like rolls, or trust falls! Most famous ballet were originally choreographed by a man named Pedipa. He did ballets like sleeping beauty. To sum it up dance has a very interesting background.

Shows
	Do you know what the best part of dance is? The shows! Performing for an audience is one of the best things ever! First off, being backstage is so much fun! There’s a room there that has all the props and it’s amazing!Also backstage there are 5 dressing rooms, one kitchen, a prop room, a green room for a guest dancer, 2 wings on the side of the stage, and so much more! Backstage we do seacret angle. That’s when you give a gift, and receive a gift from someone, but you don’t know who. We do shows like the Nutcracker, Rodeo, ad many more. In conclusion, the show’s the best part!

Conclusion
	Do you know that you don’t just move your feet and call it dance? As Shama Khan once said “dance with your heart, your feet will follow.” You learned about why people dance, the history of dance, and the shows. Now go share this knowledge with a friend!
