Hunnington

Introduction

Hello! Do you like to go on car trips, maybe a relaxing vacation? Well you can go to Hunnington/Hunnington Lake. It is a beautiful place because you can do a lot here. There is also a lot of Wildlife like foxes and all that. There are also a lot of places to stay, you ca always count on a plcae to stay being comfey there.

What to do

What to do! What do do! You might be asking yourself when you get there. Well if you would like to know, there are many things to do! Just like swimming in the lake. “If it’s not winter” if you are canadian you might pull that off Second of all, you can hike! With Kaiser trail being the most popular hiking trail “there are others” Lastly there is a sport that towers over all up there. Fishing, you can do alot fishing up there. Most people just fish off the shore. But you can set up a little post for you fishing rod on the sand. Off a boat. And a lot of other ways.

Wildlife

Hey! Look there goes a fox chasing a bunny! Do you want to say that? Well I know you do. There is a lot of wildlife in the Hunnington area. First off the is amazing Sierra Nevada red fox with it fast mobility and sharp claws it is oe of the deadliest predators or prey up there. Secondly, are the trout. Mostly Seen during the summer/fall Making them prime for fishing. Lastly are the common  Ground Squirrels. They are the bane of my existence. They eat any type of nuts. There favorite acorns.

Where to stay

Where do I stay. I didn’t book in advance! Well bad luck head home you anti-vaxxer. Well if you did book in advance you can either be staying in a condo, hotel, or lake house. The first thing you would think of are the hotels there. Well lets just say this to make is short. Cozy, warm, place to stay. Secondly, is the condos that are warm, they also can be 3 stories if you are lucky. Lastly are the lake houses. I don’t have much about them but m housing that the areas basically condos on the lakes shorsz.

Conclusion

So do you want to go to hunnington lake now? You do, nice lets get on with this. Well thank you for reading this, even if it’s not going to the public. Well what to do , what do i do? Well you see the wild life out there. You seea fox, it leaves when it trots. Where to stay. Cabins, others. Well that concludes it. See ya and keep reading this you imaginary readers.
