World War Two
 
World War two affected America strongly and impacted America's economy because America was still recovering from the Great Depression and jobs increased by 96%. The invasion of Poland, America going to war, the fall of France, invasion of China, D-Day, the american island hopping campaign, and the Japanese and German surrender were all important events in World War two.
 
Invasion of Poland
 
World War Two started when Nazi Germany invaded Poland. Britain and France were enraged when Germany invaded Poland so they immediately went to war. At 4:45 a.m. 1.5 million Nazi troops crossed the border of Poland. The German air force or Luftwaffe bombed Polish airfields and planes while German U-boats and the German fleet suppressed the Polish navy. The Nazi leader Adolf Hitler claimed the attack was a defensive action. But Britain and France were not convinced. America was still a neutral country at the time but, that would not last for long.
 
America Goes to War
 
On December 7, 1941 at 8:00 a.m. six Japanese aircraft carriers launched 353 planes to attack Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. All eight American battleships were damaged unfortunately four of them were destroyed beyond repair. America was completely unaware of the attack and immediately scrambled all available fighters and anti aircraft guns. Nearly 20 American naval ships, 300 planes, and sadly more than 2,400 American people either died or were destroyed in the attack. The day after the attack President Franklin D. Roosevelt asked Congress to declare war on Japan, Congress agreed.
 
The Fall of France
 
With 800,000 troops in their military force France was thought to have the strongest infantry force in europe. But the French defense depended heavily on the Maginot line for protection against a German attack. The defensive consisted of giant pill boxes and other defenses. The French had 41 divisions supporting or manning it. The Germans prepared 1,500,000 troops and 1,500 tanks to strike at the Maginot line. They planned to strike at the weakest point were only 12 infantry divisions and 4 cavalry divisions stood. But the Dutch army sent 10 divisions totaling 400,000 troops. When the germans attacked the French and Dutch were taken by surpise and fell back. As Germany pushed forward the French and Dutch fell back even more and led to the fall of France.
 
The Invasion of China
 
On July 7, 1937 Japanese troops invaded China. At the time the Chinese army was inferior and was still using World War one weapons. They could not withstand the attack and were forced to retreat. Japanese planes bombed many Chinese cities and reduced them to ruble. China tried to stop the raids by sending biplanes into the sky but were just torn apart by japanese airplanes. America sent reinforcements to try and deal with the raids but they were too small and were overwhelmed by the japanese planes. The raids continued while japanese ground forces attacked cities help by the Chinese. The raids and ground force attacks led to the capture and occupation of China.
 
D-Day
 
On June 6, 1944 156,000 American, British, and Canadian soldiers invaded German occupied France from five beachheads code named: Utah beach, Omaha beach, Gold beach, Juno beach, and Sword beach. America invaded the Omaha and Utah beachheads. While Great Britain invaded Sword and Gold. So Canada was left to attack Juno. Many soldiers were lost in operation Overlord. The beachhead Omaha was a very tough beach to capture because the Germans had built gigantic pill boxes, hundreds of landing craft obstacles, barbed wire, large concrete walls, and landmines. The vehicles used in the battle were M4 tractors, Crusader gun tractors, Crusader AA Mk 3s, Universal Bren carriers, Half track M3s, Kangaroo APCs, SdKfz Pumas, SdKfz 250s, Jeep Willys, Dodge WC 51-52s, Bedford MWDs, Schwimmwagens, Kübelwagen 82s, Chevrolet G-7100s, GMC CCKW 353s, and the Opel Blitz 36-7600As. The Allies won normandy and went on to take back France.
 
The American Island Hopping Campaign
 
On February 1945 70,000 American troops invaded Iwo Jima. A few weeks before that American planes bombed the island. That was going to be the strategy for the rest of the "Island Hopping". As the soldiers attacked enemy positions M4 Sherman tanks provided cover for the soldiers. Soldiers had special weapons and abilities such as shock troopers which were troopers tasked with leading an assault, Flametroopers which were tasked with burning the Japanese out of their positions, Assault troopers which were regular troopers, and paratroopers which were special forces troopers that parachuted out of an aircraft usually at around 800 feet. After Iwo Jima came Okinawa. Okinawa was the one of the islands were the U.S. lost a lot of soldiers. As the bombers attacked, the troops prepared their plan. 180,000 American soldiers attacked the beaches of Okinawa on April 1, 1945. Enemy soldiers were dug into mountains and hills. To deal with this the American flame troopers shot their fire into the caves and burned the enemies out of their positions. After multiple key islands were taken the Americans consider themselves to be at "Japan's doorstep". Americans started to raid Japanese cities. The "Doolittle Raid" was conducted by James Doolittle himself. Meanwhile at the American homeland scientists were developing a nuclear weapon which was being tested in Arizona. That would be the key to the japanese surrender.
 
The Japanese and German Surrender
 
In Europe the German surrender was short and simple they surrendered and everything went back to normal although they were striped of most of their army. In the Pacific they were still fighting. After testing they dropped the weapon two times. On Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Devasted by the attack Japan immediately surrendered. the bombs crippled the cities and left lots of radioactiveness. That harmed the people living there.
 
Conclusion
 
In conclusion World War two was a horrible conflict that taught America one thing The world should never go to war again. The invasion of Poland, American going to war, The fall of France, The invasion of China, D-Day, The American island hopping campaign, and The Japanese and German surrender where all important events that we learned from so that we could negotiate instead of fighting.
 
World war two lasted for six years. Many people were lost in the war. The world should never go to war again.
 
Glossary
 
Nazi A german political group.
U-boat A german submarine.
Anti-aircraft gun Anti-aircraft guns are weapons designed to attack aircraft. Such weapons commonly have a high rate of fire and are able to fire shells designed to damage aircraft.
Congress A national legislative body, especially that of the US. The US Congress, which meets at the Capitol in Washington, D.C., was established by the Constitution of 1787 and is composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Tank a heavy armored fighting vehicle carrying guns and moving on a continuous articulated metal track
Inferior lower in frank, status, or quality.
Biplane an early type of aircraft with two pairs of wings, one above the other.
Operation Overload was the codename for the Battle of Normandy, the Allied operation that launched the successful invasion of German-occupied Western Europe during World War II.
The Doolittle Raid, also known as the Tokyo Raid, on Saturday, April 18, 1942, was an air raid by the United States on the Japanese capital.
Nuclear relating to the nucleus of an atom.

