GYMNASTICS

INTRODUCTION

In my informational book today you are going to be learning about gymnastics and all the thing it takes to be a gymnast did you know that gymnast have to train up to seven hours a day all week for competition. It is a pretty hard job you have to be on your head and feet a lot buttoday i’m going to be teaching you about injuries. How to do a backbend another ting im talking about is what professionals have to do on a daily basis for their career as a gymnast now i should probably get started now byeee!

INJURIES

Are you looking into gymnastics. Well if you are you might want to read this paragraph first on how can get majorly injured. Oneof the first things that could happen is you could snap your neck or you could brek a leg, another possible thing is you could get paralyzed let me tell you something that happens to this girl at at my gymnastic place elliot she was on the beam and she went fo a round off and her hands missed the beam and she hit her head first and her neck SNAPPED she was in so much pain she could barely move it was bad she wasn’t able to do a thing for weeks which sucked because she missed nationals but any way yu would have to think do i want to get comidid to something that i could get really injured on so thank you for reading about all the possible injuries remember one thing don’t get comiddid if you can’t get commited.

BACKBEND TIME

Did you know that the backend is skill used in both yoga and gymnastics. It is easy if you learn how to do it correctly the first step of doing a backbend is that you lay on your back and put your hands behind your head in whatever comfortable way it doesn’t matter to much yet because you are just letting the hang of it and you don’t know what goes where any way you are going to push up and now you are doing a backbend amazing another harder way is to push your legs straight when still doing the backbend it is hard huh well thats it thanks for reading.

PROFISSIONAL

Do you learn how to be a professional gymnast well let me tell you all the stuff you have to do to be a professional you have a diet you have to work 7 hours a day not counting school and other things you have to do lots of things and it is hard so if you want to get comidtid you go if not tats fine to.





CONCLUSION

In the end if you want to be a gymnast great if not thats ok to remember if your looking into it remember injuries or how to do a backbend and proffeishinals life thanks for reading all of my book about GYMNASTICS thank you so much for reading byee!.
