Love Birds

TWEET! Do you know what a Love Bird is? a love bird is a type of bird that will get atached to one thing or person but there are some challenges to having a Love Bird so, read this book to hlep like what they eat, drink, need, and, What it does!

Love Birds have a weird diet for a bird, they will eat things other birds eat like fruit, veggies, water and seeds, but Love Birds eat other stuff too like bird pellets because it is better for them and will eat bread with oats and lots of other things. But Love Birds need a decent size cage, a water bottle, (for birds) multiple perches that are diferent sizes and tectures and, three to four toys not to many 5+ or to low 3- because if there is to little that could actully make them sick but if there is too many they will feal cramed and not safe.

If you are wondering if you are going to get a love bird first think about this Love Birds are escape artists! but there are some ways to Prevent that use a little clip on the door of the cage and put some cool things in its cage so it will only want to come out of its cage when you need it too And Love Birds are NOT shoulder Birds they would rather sit on the back of your shoulder, on you back or, on you head, noone knows why but thats OK! Love Birds are great for kids but heres something to think about don’t buy two only buy one because if you buy two it will be agresive to you or the other bird which is not good. But so the bird gets used to you take it out a lot!

Love birds need a certain tempature that is good for them it can’t be hot nor cold 65-70 degrees º farenhight and it will get sick in hot or cold weather so just in the middle. And a love bird will be agresive till it finds someone it likes, and it will give you a light peck if it likes you so don’t buy two so it won’t like you. And love birds are usally 40-50 dollars + the cage and food and toys.

I hope you still want to get a love bird like me but still think about what is going to happen if you get one like it escaping. So I hope you liked this!
