Challenges

If you are wanting to try some challenges you should try some of these that I am about to tell you.  In this book you will be reading about, what is a challenge, Don’t fall into the wrong pool, human kerplunk.  Don’t push the wrong box, and don’t cut the wrong rope.  So I hope you enjoy my book about challenges.

Are you wondering about what is a challenge?  If you are this is the right book or chapter for you.  A challenge is a game that one of you “says I challenge you to a arm ressle”.  Or something else like that.  Another challenge your friend might say is “I challenge you for a warhead challenge.  Those are some challenges you might have fun with.  You can challenge your friend to like when you get older you can have a boxfort challenge.  If you still want to learn more about challenges keep reading and you will learn more.

This challenge is really fun because you can see your friend or family member fall into something gross like slime or water with glitter and a little bit of slime.  How to play this challenge is you pick some people and you get 3 mattress and. One person is going to have a pool of something in side of it like what I said before or it can just be a mattress.  Maybe you should bring a pair of cloughs just in case you fall into the pool.  The reason why is because you do not want to be stuck in the same wet cloughs for the rest of the day.

This is another good challenge because on a hot day you can use water balloons and that is always refreshing.  So if you are wondering how to play this challenge it is very easy but you might want to make your own kerplunk because the original might not work very well.  How to play.  First you have to pick a partner.  Then you will have to find out who is going to go under the water balloons and you don’t want the water balloons to fall on your partner and get the most sticks.  Then it will be the other persons turn to go.

I hope you enjoyed my book.  I got this idea from youtube.  Her channel is so cassie and she did all of these challenges on her channel.  And maybe you will do those challenges with some friends.  Thanks for reading.
