Chumash Indians

What was a tribe that lived in the central coast of California you ask?  Well I’m here to tell you that.  It was the Chumash Indians!!!  They used wonderful tomals, tule huts, and the malametepupi that you’re going to learn about.  Let’s learn about the tomals that they used!

Tomals were very useful for the Chumash.  The way the chumash built them is very cool.  They used redwood for the tomals, but redwood came from a different part of california, so the Chumash couldn’t just go get it.  What happend, is that the redwood would fall and go into a river, and the river would carry the redwood down a stream and it would go to the Chumash.  Soon the Chumash would start building.  First, they would have to cut the would into planks.  Then they would use tar to hold it together.  Luckly, redwood swells so the water wouldn’t go into the tomal, it would go into the wood.  Tomals are boats.  The Chumash would call them houses of the sea.  Tomals were used in many different ways.  One way they used tomals is for fishing.  The Chumash would go out into the ocean and fish.  Another use for the is for trading.  They would trade shells and beads.  All in all, tomals were very useful and was made very interestingly.  Now going on to the tule hut station.

Tule huts were the Chumash’s houses (on land).  They were built amazingly.  The Chumash used willow poles to outline the houses and used hand made ropes to keep them together.  Then they would get tules and put them on top of the willow poles to cover them.  The Chumash left a hole at the top so when they light a fire in the house, the smoke would go out, after the fire and, they would cover it with animal skin.  The next thing they had to do for their houses was make the door.  They used whale bones they found and out lined the door, then they would cover the door with animal skin.  That was their amazing tule huts/houses.  Now for the malametepupi.

The malametepupi was like a chumash playground (m-A-lamentapupi).  The malametepupi as outlined with round rocks that were in a circle.  There were games to play in the malametepupi, like hoop and shoot.  Here’s how to play hoop and shoot.  You need a stick, the Chumash used a spear, a cylinder and a partner.  Your partner needs to roll the cylinder where the open part is facing you, while your partner is rolling, you try to shoot the stick into the hoop, which is the cylinder.  Then you switch.  This game was designed to help young boys learn to hunt.  As you can see, the malametepupi was amazing.

Now our time together must come to an end.  We learned about the useful tomals, the amazing tule huts, and the fun malametepupi.  Now you can go and learn more about the Chumash indians.
