            Did you know the highest soccer score was 149 to 0!
Soccer is a fun sport. Soccer is a fun sport because you can play different positions, you can make cheers for your team, and most of all because soccer can teach you important life lessons.
 
        	One reason soccer is a fun sport is that you can play different positions. For example, defence is one position. The defence position where people stay back and health the goalie defend their goal. Also, forward is a position too. Forward is the people who usually score goals for their team. Lastly, goalie is another position. Goalies defend their goal but goalies are the only person who can use their hands to grab the ball.
 
        	Another reason soccer is fun is that you can make up cheers for your team. To start off with, in the site Soccer Cheers, it says cheers help you team feel confident in what their doing. To add on also in the site Soccer Cheers, it keeps players pepped up and focused on doing their best. Finally, one example of cheer is, “we don’t wear bows and skirts, we only wear soccer shirts! We don’t play with baby dolls, we only kick soccer balls! GO (your teams name)!”
 
        	Although soccer is a fun sport because you can play different positions and because you can make up cheers especially soccer is a fun sport because soccer can teach you important life lessons. One example is from the site 6 Life Lessons Your Child Can Learn From Soccer it says teamwork is a life lesson because soccer requires a great deal of teamwork. In addition also from the site 6 Life Lessons Your Child Can Learn From Soccer, it states hard word is an important life lesson because alongside teamwork, soccer teaches that the only sure path to success is through hard work. To conclude this paragraph again from the site 6 Life Lessons Your Child Can Learn From Soccer, it says setting goals is an important life lesson because there is a lot of things soccer players do that can be measured by setting goals.
 
        	In conclusion, soccer is a fun sport because you can play different positions, you can make up cheers for your team, and most of all, because soccer can teach you important life lessons. I think soccer is the best sport in the world! Do you love soccer as much as I do?
 

