Anxiety

You are about to go on stage in front of a lot of people presenting on how to paint.  You start feeling sick, your head hurts, you feel like you are going to die.  That feeling is anxiety.  There are a lot of things about anxiety.  And you are going to learn what triggers anxiety, what it feels like, and how to deal with it.  It is important to know about anxiety so you can know how to deal with it and prevent it.

Did you know there are a lot of events that can trigger anxiety?  One of those ways is parties or social events.  The reason for this is if people don’t know each other than you don’t know what they are like.  They could have gone to jail.  Or you could be thinking that something really bad is going to happen.  Like you can think that there could be a shooting.  Or you could get hurt badly.  Another thing that could trigger anxiety is negative thinking.  What I mean is that you think bad about yourself or other things.  Like you could put yourself down and say “I can’t do it.”  Another way you could think badly is saying stuff is to hard or saying bad things about yourself.  Also you could think badly by saying other things are bad and then that will just get you angry as well.  Lastly a thing that could trigger anxiety is worries.  The reason for this is when you worry you over think and it could lead to you making stuff worse than it already is and you could make your worries even worse witch means you making you anxiety worse.

You are about to go and present.  You are feeling super nervous and maybe even start giving up hope because of how nervous you feel.  Anxiety can feel like a lot of things.  One of those things is it could be difficult to do stuff.  Why you may ask.  Because you are having so much anxiety that you are stressing out and you are thinking that you have so many things to do and you are just sitting around picking stuff up and putting it down.  Another feeling you might feel is crying out of nowhere.  This is because you are having so much feelings and you just don’t know what to do so you could just start crying.  Lastly you could feel Lack of confidence.  You could feel this because you have a lot in your head and if you’re slower than other people you could feel no confidence in yourself.  Also you could just not be that good and you aren’t trying and you are saying “I’m not good at it.”

Did you know there are ways you could deal with anxiety right in front of you.  One way you could deal with it is going to counseling.  Doing this will let you talk about it and you will let everything out of your head and it will feel like you won’t have to deal with it anymore.  Another way you could deal with anxiety is replacing negative thoughts with good thoughts.  For example, if your friend didn’t want to be your friend anymore and the way she said it was stuck in your head all day you could think about it like this you can more friends that might be better than your old one.  Lastly a way you could deal with it is yoga.  Let my explain, if you are doing yoga your mind will be focused on that and not your anxiety.  Also yoga can be a new hobby and instead of worrying you could learn more stuff about yoga and focus on that.  Also it could feel like you’re sweating you’re anxiety away.

Now that you know a lot about anxiety you should be able to tell your friends about it if they ever have it.  You could tell them about what triggers anxiety, what it feels like, and how to deal with it.  I think anxiety is a weird thing that most people have and a lot of people struggle with.  I have also always wondered why anxiety is so strange and why it isn’t just called stress?
