Did you know that 99% of your body is made out of oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, calcium?  Welcome to the world of the periodic table.  Look around, everything you see is made up of a compound.  For example, how water is formed and how the atoms connect.  There are 118 elements in the periodic table!  Some elements are metals, some are gasses, some are liquids, and some are both!  Did you know that 5,000,000,000,000,000 atoms can fit in the eye of a needle?  What are atoms made of and what are their benefits?  All of these questions you've been holding are 

is hard to get separated.  But the graphite's molecules are separated.  They are not so close together.  Consequently, it is easily broken.

The Periodic Table

	There are many different kinds of elements.  Some natural, some artificial.  Some are metals, some are gasses, and some are unknown!  Most of the items in the periodic table are metal.  Some fo the metals include; gold which many of you have heard, mercury, copper, lead, titanium (the strongest useful metal), iron, tungsten, lithium, and many other.  There are 91 in all.  Furthermore, the nonmetals are hydrogen, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, sulfur, selenium, hydrogen, and some others.  Now if you look at the periodic table and look for gold, you wouldn't see "gold" in there, you 

not made of quarks.  They are fundamental particles.  Along with quarks. This means that they aren't made up of anything, they were just there.  Now, you know that that doesn't make sense.  So how where they created?  Maybe a bit later that mystery will be solved.  Harry Gee Cardiff says, "Some theorists suggested quarks might themselves contain particles known as 'preons'."

This world world is made out of teeny tiny particles.  Now you know the structure and how the atoms come together.  There are many elements in the periodic table.  Atoms are made of several things and are beneficial.  Many problems are solved with this information.  Mabey you could solve a problem with the information I gave you. 


Proton
	Protons are made up of two up quarks and one down quark.
Neutron
	Neutrons are made up of two down quarks and one up quark
Electrons
	Electrons go around and the atom giving energy.  An electron is a fundamental particle like a quark
Quark
	Quarks make protons and neutrons and are fundamental particles.
Fundamental Particles
	Fundamental particles are objects (such as a quark) that are not made up of anything.  they're just there. 
