Gymnastics
Maiya

Table of Contents
Introduction	P.g. 1
The floor	P.g.2
Vault	P.g.3
Uneven and Parallel Bars	P.g.4
Conclusion	P.g.5

Introduction
Have you ever wanted to try gymnastics but think you are not good enuf? Well you don't have to be awesome at gymnastics you can start when you don’t know anything to when you know everything about gymnastics and you will get so much better. In this slide you will learn about the floor routines, the vault routines, and the bar routines. By the end of this slide I hope you will be a expert on gymnastics and might even try gymnastics or make one of your friends an expert on gymnastics to. So run on over to the next slide and start reading about the magnificent sport gymnastics!
Back to Table of Contents

The Floor
“Ten out of ten!” (clapping) That is the sound of judges scoring a gymnast a great score and the crowd going wild. In this slide you will learn about the floor routines. The floor can be used for all sorts of things like dancing and tumbling. According to Sports Rec.”Gymnast perform floor exercises on a 39 square foot mat.” The floor is mostly about agility, strength, and stamina. There is a lot of handsprings, and spin flips. In the next slide you will learn about vaulting.
Back to Table of Contents

Vault
Do you like running? If you like running then you should try something called vaulting. Vaulting is foul of running and jumping and flipping over things. When you vault you have an 82 foot mat. Also, you vault over a 4 foot high apparatus also known as a table in gymnastics not a table you eat on. In the next slide you will learn about the bars.
Back to Table of Contents

Uneven and Parallel Bars
Uneven Bars
The uneven bars are normally used by women or girls. They are uneven so gymnast can be on top of the small bar and jump to the high bar. The things you can do are pullover, kips, and flips of the bars.
Parallel Bars
The parallel bars are normally used by men or boys. They are parallel so gymnast can go in between the bars. Some things you can do are flips, turning, and going on top of the bars.
Back to Table of Contents

Conclusion
Did you have fun learning about the floor, the vault, and the bars? I hope you did maybe you learned cool facts. Maybe you learned more about the floor than the vault. Whatever you learned I hope you learned a little about gymnastics. Now that you are an expert on gymnastics you should try it. I would recommend Performance Athletics Gymnastic it is a great place to learn. And everyone there is a star. 
Back to Table of Contents

Glossary
Apparatus- A table that gymnasts use to go over when doing vault.
Routines- A sequence of actions like flips or dancing.
