Math

February 2019
Informational On-Demand

Math
Have you ever thought about how much you love math (a problem using anything to solve it in no particular shape or size) . how much it’s important to you? Math is more important in life than you think. Math is always written differently, well you see it written differently because if you saw a rubik’s cube you might think it’s just colors but it has a bunch of patterns. You might think that math is just a paper and a pencil and that’s right? No, you can do it in your head, with apples and bananas, and with a chalkboard and chalk. Math isn’t just a fun hobby, it stretches you brain, as my dad once said, “When you do math a lot your brain will expand.” You’ll learn about how math it’s written, it can be done anywhere and it stretches your brain. In the following paragraph you’ll learn about different ways math is written.

Math is written in different ways. When you write it in one way people might not understand you, but if you write it in two or three ways someone will understand you better. An example of this is, when you use the Traditional Algorithm to solve a math equation, someone might not understand you. If you use the Traditional Algorithm and the Number Line someone might understand you better. Another example of this is when you use a chalkboard and chalk people might that is how to do math, but if you’re solving a rubik;s cube and you that’s math, then it still is. By comparison, it’s like saying, math is only numbers on paper when you can use apples and bananas. To sum it up, math is done way differently than you think.

Math is done everywhere and anywhere. You might think you can only do math at school and home, but imagine being on a car ride (like me) and it is 4 hours long (like me) and there is nothing to do except math. Well that happened to me. I was sick of doing anything, but back to you, as you can see when you’re bored you can just think of all the wonderful places to do math, not just your home and your school. In conclusion, you can’t just do math in some spaces, you can do it in all places.

Math also stretches your brain. If you do it repeatedly every day for your whole life you’ll be extremely good at math. An example of this is when you are trying to work on an equation and you finally solve it it’s like trying to cut down a tree (don’t try to do that) and after a year of cutting, you finally get the tree down. Also, if you’re constantly solving a rubik’s cube you will get faster at it (if you’re doing it right.) In conclusion, when you are doing math your brain gets bigger on the inside not the outside.

To sum it up, when you do math a lot of good things happen, your brain stretches, you do it at places, and you write it in different ways. When you do it in different ways, you;ll learn more ways. And if you do it a lot, your brain will stretch. If you don’t believe me then go try these things all by yourself. I think that when I do math all of these things come to my mind. Do they come to yours?
