Swimming
Emily
#27

Table of Contents
Introduction.......3
Equipment........4
Strocks........5
Exercise.......6
Conclusion.......7

Introduction
Wait you don't know how to swim well today I am going to teach you how but the first you need to know about swimming is the equipment you need ,the strokes and the exercise. That is what I am going to teach you today. Did you know that Swimmers sweat in the pool I know it’s crazy. If you already know al ot about swimming there will probably be a lot of things you might not know.

Equipment
You might think that all you need in order to swim is a swimsuit but you actually need more than just a swimsuit, You need a pull buoy, swim cap, kickboard. These thing matter because the kick board works out your legs The reason you need them is you need to learn how to kick your legs to swim faster. The pull buoy workout your arms because it prevents you from kicking your legs so you can only use your arms to swim. Another important equipment you need are google’s the reason you need them is because you need to see under water unless you want to burn you eyes from chlorine or run in two another person But I think you don’t want to do that.

Strocks
Did you know that hair creates friction in the water? Because I didn’t. Do you have a friend that does swimming and they are always talking about the strokes and you don’t know what they are talking about. In this Paragraph I am going to teach you about the different types of strokes so you won’t be confused next time. My favorite one is freestyle and you might be thinking What does “freestyle” mean well is a type of stroke where you swing your arms in a circle motion and kick your legs. Butterfly is a stroke where you swing your arms like a butterfly’s wings and you take a breath out of the water everytime you swing your arms. Backstroke is a stroke where you float on your back while kicking your legs and swing your arms in the same motion as the freestyle.

Exercise
Are you looking forward to lose weight well the best stroke to lose wright is Freestyle because you are working and testing your limits in each part of your body. A 130-pound person swimming freestyle for one hour will burn 590 calories swimming fast, and 413 calories swimming slower. A 155-pound person swimming freestyle for one hour will burn 704 calories swimming fast, and 493 calories swimming slower. You would be fit after that.

Conclusion
Do you know more about swimming after you read my writing? I hope you did! Now you know the equipment you need, the strokes, and how you can exercise. Swimming can be for the elderely and young people. Now I am going to give you a test. Are you ready

1. What are the strokes?
2. What Equipment do you need to swim?
3. How much calories would 130 pound person burn?
I hoe you got them all right. The answer will be in the slide below

Test answers
1. Backstroke, freestyle, butterfly
2. Kickboard, pull boue, googles, swimsuil, swim cap
3. 590 calories
In my opinion I love swimming. It is my favorite Sport and after reading this book and trying swimming. You might love it as much as I do.
