Cats
By: Sarai

Table of Contents
Introduction	Pg. 1
Breeds of Cats	Pg.2
Diet	Pg.3
Behaviors	Pg.4
Conclusion	Pg.5

Introduction
Have you ever had a cat? Well cats are awesome and there are many types of cats. They also eat different kinds of foods and show interesting behaviors. I hope you enjoy reading this paper on cats.

Breeds of cats
There are many breeds of cats in the world. Three popular types are himalayan, Siamese and manx/ First, himalayans have a beautiful long, thick body of fur. The most popular color of a himalayan cat are white, gray or a combination of gray and white. Himalayas are beautiful but need a lot of grooming, because they shed.There is also the Siamese breed. This cat is special because it has beautiful, light blue eyes. Also, all Simaese are born with a white coat of fur but when they get older their ears, face, feet, and tail turn dark colors. Last, there is the manx. This cat is very different because it was born without a tail. However, some manxes have a little tiny tail called a stump and the ones born with tails are called rumpies. As you can see there are many different breeds of cats!

Diet
Have you ever fed a cat? Well cats need a well balanced diet. Cats need to have water available at all times. Water can be left out so they can drink when they need to. Cats need to have crunchy food to help keep their teeth clean and give them vitamins. Cats can also be given wet food. Wet food comes in many different flavors. If your cat is picky you can find a flavor for them. Wet food should only be given once a day of day.

Behaviors
Cats can show different kinds of behavior. Some cats can be aggressive. They might chase and hiss or growl when close to other cats or dogs. Other cats may not be aggressive and enjoy hanging out with other pets. Also cats can be very lazy. For example, my cat likes to lay down and chill in the sun. Last, cats are excellent hunters. If you have a mouse they will find it, kill it and bring it to you and show you what a great hunter he is. Cats have interesting behaviors.

Conclusion 
In conclusion people should have a cat because they are awesome pets! There are many different breeds of cats, they are easy to care for, and each has its own unique behavior. Cats are great companions!
