February 27, 2019
Info. On-Demand

Volleyball

Introduction
Hey do you play volleyball? Well on this very piece of paper I will tell you how to play volleyball, (and rules go along with it), where you can play volleyball, and why it is fun. Keep on reading to learn more and more.

How to play Volleyball
How to play volleyball, well you have to learn about hitting, passing, and the court. Lets first get on to hitting, there are lots of different types of hitting, for example you can spike, where you throw the ball into the air and give a big high five. Or there is setting where you where you make a triangle out of your two hands using your pointer finger and your thumb and trying to throw the ball over the net. Or there is serving where you hold the ball down low in one hand and then your other hand, you do knuckles and then swing and... HIT! Not only that but we have to go to passing you can set or you can held out both of your hands and put them on top of each other and then bring your thumbs in. Now you have to learn the rules of the court. There is almost like a big triangle or diamond on the court there is 1 person in front 2 people on a side and 1 in the back. After both teams have served then you rotate the one on the right side goes out and the other person comes in, but if there is no people in line then you just rotate around the whole thing.

Where?
One of the best places to play volleyball are U.S.Y.V.L the are one of the best places to go because the games are on the weekends and sometimes you play in a tournament sometimes you play 4 games, it is so much fun. Another place to go is 805 volleyball you do not play games but they teach you a lot and it is for 1:30:00 that is 30 more minutes than U.S.Y.V.L has. Or you can do it at your house all you need is 2 poles 2 tires and fill each one up with cement and than get a rope and make it a little similar to the real net, and there you have a perfect volleyball net.

Why it is fun
Some people think volleyball is not fun, but have not seen the fun side of it. After some practices you get popsicles after, if it is hot. And you sometimes get to be outside on the beach falling on the sand or indoors having fun with your friends. I love to play beach volleyball and indoor volleyball because I always know that at least one person in the crowd is always cheering me on.

Conclusion
All in all you should play volleyball it is a good exercise for your body and such a fun sport! I bet you one day you would be a great volleyball player!
