*Emu War 1932-1932*

Introduction: What?
Yes you heard me soldier, there was a great Emu War. World War 1 ended and people in america are buying the stock market like crazy! Oh what’s that, they sold oh no! With America’s economy crashed, the government is forced to stop all foreign trade, making the effect global. With the UK being one of the victims, Australia fell like all the other countries. Why, it’s because Australia attached the gold standard to the UK. Meanwhile, soldiers returned to their country after World War 1 and the government gave them land in west Australia. As a result, they turned into farmers, because of this the government promise to give farmers more subsides or basically, lower the cost of taxes and other government-money-making-schemes. Soldier, we’re going to talk about how it started, battle one and two, and the aftermath of this dumb war.

How it started: Emus!
Meanwhile, Australia’s economy has crashed and everyone is unemployed, poor, and in poverty. Now emus come. During their breeding season they flock to the coastlines of west Australia. Oh no! With added water supplies for livestock and free food, they thought it was a good idea to make farms their habitats. They broke through fences, and damaged crops. Another bad thing is that with the fences destroyed, rabbits could come in and destroy the rest of the crops. The farmers sent a team of ex-soldiers to the minister of defence, not the minister of agriculture. The team knew from WWI, machine guns were effective, so they ordered them to kill emus. George agreed to this, but with strict conditions: 1. The guns were to be used by personnels from the military. 2. The troop’s transport will be financed by the Western Australian Government. 3. The farmers have to give the soldiers food, water, and housing. George also thought of this of a way to train troops of target practice. They also wanted to get some footage for this propaganda. With this negotiation, the troops are ready to go.

Attempt one: This is unnecessary
The one who lead the army was Major G.P.W. Meredith Seventh Heavy Battery of the Royal Australian Army. Two soldiers have been enlisted with two Lewis guns, with 10,000 lbs of ammunition. One newspaper account told that they were going to get 100 emu skins for making hats for light horsemen. Although, they were going to start on October 1932, heavy rainfall blocked their way. You see soldier, that rain makes emus scatter. As a result, they delayed the killing until early November. On November 2, around Campion they found at least 50 emus. With the help of the locals. They tried to round up the emus in an ambush. After two machine gun rounds, they killed a “number” of emus. Later that day, they killed “perhaps a dozen” emus. On November 4, they made an ambush and spotted 1000 emus. They killed 12 however, before the guns jammed and the emus ran away. The Meredith moved further where rumors said that the emus here were more domestic, considering the fact that this is Australia. Two more days later, and they noticed that the emu packs have a leader 6 ft tall, and they look for any the attackers and call it out to the rest of the pack. One time, the army got so desperate, they put a gun on top of a truck. Just so you know, it didn’t work out so well. Two more days later, the army used up 25000 rounds of ammunition. The number of emus killed is uncertain. Some say 200 or 500 or even 50. Media didn’t like that only a few emus were culled or killed. After some discussion, they withdrew from the war. Don’t worry soldier, another battle will pop around.

Attempt two: Still unnecessary
Once again, the farmers are having emu problems again. They called on the military and James Mitchell responded. They were looking at west Australia for the people they need for the operation. Sadly, Meredith is placed on the field again because of the minimum experienced machine gunners in Australia. On November 13 and 14, they successfully killed 40 emus. They next day however, was more difficult. By December 2nd, 100 emus were kicking the dust every week. On December 10, Meredith retold that he killed 986 emus with 9860 rounds used. Additionally, 2500 more emus died because of the bullet wounds.

Aftermath: Did that do anything?
No, apparently the emus kept destroying crops and farmers called for help again on 1934, 1943, and 1948. Fortunately for the emus, the government turned them down. Although, there was a new bounty system installed and 57034 emus have been killed for the bounty in 1934 of a 6 month-period. By December 1932, the UK had heard of this “war” and some protested, saying that this “extermination of the rare emu”. “Hey we finally made better fences and the emus can’t get in.” said the farmers. Yes, sadly if farmers built better fences, then this war wouldn’t exist. Now that you learned that this war is really unnecessary with how it started, these attempts, and the aftermath, you should know more about Australia’s history. Have a nice day.
