Introduction
Do you like wolves but do not know much about them? Well I can tell you about a type of wolves and that is the Grey Wolves. First, we will learn about what Grey Wolves look like. Then, we will learn about how Grey Wolves Hunt. Finally, we will learn about what Grey Wolves eat. Did you know that Grey Wolves are the biggest dogs of the dog family? I think that after reading this book you will want to tell everyone about what you learned. Now off we go to learn about Grey Wolves!

What do they look like?
Have you ever wondered what Gray Wolves look like? Well , the Males are always larger than the females. Grey Wolves have silvery grey-brown backs. They also have light tan and creamy underparts. Their tail is bushy as a squarrils tail. Their fur can be any shade of grey, brown, black, white, or tan. In the winter a Grey Wolf;s fur is darker on the neck, shoulders, and rump. Well, we just learned about what Grey Wolves look like. Now onto the next topic!

Hunting
Hmm, I wonder how Grey Wolves hunt. Oh! Wait a second, I do know how they hunt. For hunting Grey Wolves respond to the signals they take turns chasing the prey to tire it out. Or they would chase it into a ambush. An ambush is a trap. I am telling you this because I want to make sure that you know what I am saying. But once they are done chasing the prey they kill and eat it. Wow, that is a really interesting and amazing way to hunt! On to the next topic!

Prey
Did you know that Grey Wolves eat many things big and small? First, we are going to talk about the big things that Grey Wolves eat. The smallest of the big thing are the mountain goat and the deer. The regular big things are the Elk, Moose, and Bison. Now we are going to talk about the small things that Grey Wolves eat. The small things that they eat is beavers and hares. They also eat birds and fish. I think that what Grey Wolves eat is really fascinating. 

Conclusion
Wow! We just learned about what Grey Wolves look like, how they hunt, and what they eat. Do you think that Grey Wolves are your favorite type of wolves? I think that Grey Wolves may be my favorite wolves ever. I really hope that you think that Grey Wolves are interesting. You should tell your friends all about them. But there is still many things that you need to learn about Grey Wolves. But that is all I will tell you! Goodbye, have a great day.
