Softball
Introduction

Have you ever wondered, what is softball? What are the positions? Who are some great players or teams? What is the gear that they use in softball? Well, I will be teaching you all of those things! In this writing, I will be filling up your brain with knowledge on softball, for example, you will be earning about Jennie Finch, the best pitcher in the world. Are you excited? Well, I sure hope so, because to the next page we go!

Players/teams

Have you ever heard about Jennie Finch? Well, she is the best pitcher in the world! She played for many teams, an I am sure all of those pitchers out there, including me, want to be just like her. “Finch had a 2-0 win-loss record in the 2004 Games, striking out 13 batters in eight innings while giving up only one hit, one walk and no run.” States www.teamusa.org What that means is that she pitched 3 strikes each to 13 batters, and they either didn’t swing at them or swung and missed. She gave four balls to one batter and she got to go to first base. One person hit the ball. But no one touched home plate! This was all in 1 game by the way! She is so impressive! Now, the next person i wanted to talk about was Noa Yakir. She is a third baseman just like me, and we are great friends! She is on our local college’s team, the Cal Poly Mustangs. She is a great role model for me! Next, I wanted to talk about the Cal Poly Mustangs. They are a great team, and I have been to many of their games. One time, I was at their game, and Noa Yakir got the first play! They have a great player at each position and they always make good plays. I have noticed that over the years, there catches and throws are getting better. I highly recommend going to their games!

Positions

As you get older you learn even more positions! There are many fun positions, but I will just be talking about 1st 2nd and 3rd. At first base, there is a lot of action. This is because when the batter hits the ball, the first place they will be running to is 1st. This means that your teammates will be throwing the ball to you. At second base you have to be at your base a lot. This means that you will be doing a lot of running. And last, at third, you have the most important job, you have to try to get them out at third, so they will have no chance of getting to home. Third is a very important position, and I play it! One time, the ball was thrown to me, and instead of moving my feet, I kept my foot on the base and tried to reach for it, and I mised, and she scored a point. Lesson learned, and that lesson would be to step off of the base if you need to. “Train insane or stay the same.” states www.sportsfeelgoodstories.com. I guess I need more training! This is very true, and with the proper training, dedication, and love for softball, you can be a professional too someday.

Gear

Have you ever wondered what the gear we use in softball is called? Well, for fielders, we have to wear a glove and a facemask. A glove is the thing that you catch the ball with. A face mask is the gear that is on our face. It helps us so that the ball does not hit our face when thrown. Now, if you are batting, you need a helmet and a bat, and maybe some batting gloves. A helmet is a piece of gear that protects your head. A bat is the thing that hits the ball, it’s like a giant stick! The last thing I want to talk about is the catcher’s gear. They have protective gear ALL over so the pitcher doesn’t hit them. Look at the picture below to see all the gear that catchers wear!

Conclusion

Now have you learned a lot about softball? Do you want to lay? Well, if you do, you will have to remember my three subtopics, players and teams, positions, and gear! Have fun playing and remember all those people who practiced hard, and played as hard as they could. Maybe you will be a softball legend someday!
