Fingerboard

Have you ever wondered what you should fiddle with, or play with when you are bored.  Well I have the thing for you, a fingerboard (a miniature skateboard for your fingers.)

First, when you want to get a fingerboard the prices vary a lot between the quality of it, rarenes, and were you find it.  When you start to buy fingerboard you should buy a Tech Deck because they have a low price at three dollars.  You can find these at Target, Walmart, and many more places.  When you start to get better at fingerboard you should go with p-rep fingerboards.  This is your next step because decks are made out of wood, they have bearings in the wheels, metlel trucks, and foam grip.  You can find this on their website at broken knuckle fingerboards.com.  Lastly, if you want to get the top of the line you should get a Milo art fb complete, flat face complete, berlinwood complete, and many more.  You should get one of these because they come in different widths in the deck size, they have metal trucks, bushings to make the trucks turn, foam grip, polie yerathang wheels with bearings, and a wood deck.  This price range is from fifteen dollars to one hundred fifty dollars.  You can get theses from milo niggle or flatface fingerboards.com.

When you want to choose your fingerboard you need to look for things you like in a fingerboard.  Like if you like high kicks get high kicks- (kicks are the dips in the board that make you get up in the air.)  If you like low kicks get low kicks.  One way to choose a fingerboard is to see it in person.  This helps because what if they are trying to scam you.  Another way to choose a fingerboard is to look at pictures of it online.  This helps to so you can see reviews on it.  Lastly, just ask someone what they thought of the fingerboard.

First, you want to get comfortable rolling on one to see your capabilities.  If your comfortable do that try the pop shovet.  How you do this maneuver is put your back finger on the back of the board, then put your front finger right under the front bolts, lastly shove it around 180 degrees and put your fingers on it.  If you thought that was fun go on youtube and learn more tricks.  Know you have learned all about the prices of a fingerboard, how to choose one, and how to use one.  Now go online, in store, or from milo and get a fingerboard.
