Why we should not cut down trees

Introduction

	Hmmm… do you know why we should not cut down trees?. That is what I am here to teach you. One of the reasons are they help are air. Also, they sometime shelter animals, or they can provide use with shade. So keep reading if you want to know more about why we should not cut down trees.

Animals

	Did you know that animals need tree so bad that some animals would probably die without trees?. They are so important to all of the animals. Inf act we need many trees on earth so animals can thrive and live comfortably. If there were no animals on earth, humans wouldn’t be able to live on earth either. So, as you can see trees are so very important because without them no life forms would be able to live on earth!

Air

	Ok so you are probably thinking why do you have air for subject. Well trees help our air so much. Life could not exist on Earth without trees because they produce most of the oxygen that humans and wildlife breathe. Trees absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and release oxygen using the process of photosynthesis. This is why we need trees on earth. Trees Improve Our Air Quality. Urban forests help to improve our air quality. Heat from the earth is trapped in the atmosphere due to high levels of carbon dioxide (CO2) and other heat-trapping gases that prohibit it from releasing the heat into space. This creates a phenomenon known today as the “greenhouse effect.

Shade

	Imagine a hot day, so hot that you get a sunburn. Then you go and sit under a tree that feels nice right?. Also it is cooling you down and it feels so good to be under the tree. Then you start thinking, we should stop cutting down trees. Trees are so valuable.

Conclusion
	So now you have learned about air, animal, and shade. Since you have learned why we should not cut down trees. Maybe you can help keep trees alive all you had to do is find a way to help trees.
These are some ways to save trees
Play and create with trash.
Borrow, share and donate books
Plant a tree
Visit the forest
Stay on the trails
Get your Smokey on.
Use paper wisely. We can save trees from being cut down by using less paper
