Black holes are one of the craziest things in the universe. Because of how far away black holes are? Because of quasars, and because of what black holes really are! Well if you would like to I can answer all three of those questions right now.

	Black holes are crazy because of how far away from earth they are. Later though when the sun explodes there will be a black hole pretty close because when stars explode they will form a black hole. Additionally right now the closest black hole is 3,000 light years away which is about 12-13 quadrillion miles. Finally black holes are so far it would take 10 million years to get to one in a car, 1 million for an airplane, and 20,000 years for a rocket.

	A black hole is also super crazy because of what happens to the energy. The energy that the black hole sucks up is put around it which over time when there is enough energy there is something called a quasar. Additionally quasars are all the energy around the massive black hole which will have enlarged over time. Finally quasars are only in the center of a galaxy because there is only so much energy outside of a galaxy which there are only 2-3 types of galaxies that have quasars in them. They are called spiral galaxies (the milky way) and ring galaxies.

	Although black holes are crazy because they are super far away because of what quasars are but black holes are crazy especially because of what they really could be. First black holes could be something that sucks things up and destroys them. The thing is that if it destroys something like an asteroid that has no energy, where does everything go??? Additionally black holes could also be wormholes/time warps that takes things to another dimension, time, and completely different area in space or on a planet. Finally black holes are most likely something that destroys things because according to the book black holes and other bizarre space objects by Jefferis Davis quasars are all the energy around the black hole which is still there and didn’t disappear with a time wharp.

	In conclusion black holes are crazy because they are so far away from are planet, because of what happens with the energy, and most of all because of what they could actually be. I personally think black holes are mostly likely going to be something that sucks things up and destroys stars and asteroids. What do you think a black hole really is???
