Endangered Chinchillas

Over 200 chinchillas are killed to make a single fur coat. Chinchillas are small South American rodents with soft gray fur and a long bushy tail. They do a little something for the environment, but are being killed by humans every day, and they have many natural threats as well, however you can help protect these adorable animals from extinction.

What Chinchillas do for the Environment

	Chinchillas don't do much for the planet but what they do do makes a difference. Sometimes they live in high altitudes and in high altitudes they have very thick fur to keep them warm in the winter. Seeds get stuck in their fur and they distribute the seeds to all the places that they go because the seeds fall off of them, then plants from different places will grow all over where they go. 

Chinchillas Are Threatened by Humans

	One reason chinchillas are being killed by humans is because chinchilla fur is considered the softest fur in the world. Chinchilla coats are also very beautiful. They are striped and almost metallic. Finally chinchilla coats can cost $1,000 - $5,000 dollars.

Chinchillas and Their Natural Predators

	In addition to people killing them, chinchillas have many natural predators as well. Some of these predators include; skunks, felines, canines, and snakes, as well as and most birds of prey. One of the reasons why chinchillas have so many predators is because they are small and easy to catch. Chinchillas have an amazing technique that helps them not get eaten or killed. They do this by dis-attaching part of their fur so that they can try to make a quick escape. The fur that they lose will grow back eventually. 

How We Can Save the Chinchillas

	There are many ways and websites to help save the wild chinchillas. For example, volunteermatch.org is a great website to help. Another website that is very helpful to the furry creatures is save the wild chinchillas.org. Finally, you can go to your local pet store like petco and buy a chinchilla. The prices range from $150-$350 dollars. Even though they are pretty expensive just know that you are saving the little cuddly animals life.

	Chinchillas help the environment but humans are killing them. They are also being killed by their natural predators in the wild but there are many different ways we can help save these furry little creatures.
