Climate Change

	"If everyone in the world lived the way people do in the U.S, it would take five Earths to provide enough resources for everyone." Said 7 Scary Facts About Climate Change. Well the cause of all this is climate change. Climate change is earth's temperature rising which creates problems with the environment. For example, in 2040 the Arctic may have it's completely ice free summer. Which means that animals will die out. For instance, polar bears will come extinct with no ice. Climate change will make things become extinct, it has many bad effects, it is caused by us, and you can stop it.

Things That Will Become Extinct With Climate Change

	Did you know that the Bramble Cay melomys have already become extinct because of climate change? The Kolah is one of the animals at risk of extinction. And if Koalas go extinct, it will destroy plants that are vital for other species. The ringed seal may also go extinct, and so may the leatherback and the Hawksbill sea turtle. And, if sea turtles go extinct, any animals that survive on healthy seagrass beds, or coral reefs will go extinct. The Arctic fox may also go extinct. If they go extinct, many animals will overpopulate. In 2050 there are many animals that will go extinct if we don't do something. They include, Orangutans, Lemurs, Rhinos, Polar bears, Gorillas, Vaquitas, and Cheetahs. Lemurs have been around for 7 million years! That makes them the longest living mammal on the entire planet! If you like honey, you'll definitely want to stop climate change if you know this. Another animal that will become extinct is, the Rusty Patched bumble Bee! The Rusty Patched bumble Bee population has decreased 87%! And, Bees have existed on planet earth for 40 million years! Also, it's not just animals that will become extinct, plants will become extinct as well. This will happen when animals become extinct, other animals will overpopulate. If these animals that overpopulate are herbivores, then plants will become extinct because of all of the animals eating them.
In summary, because of climate change, many things will become extinct.

The Bad Effects of Climate Change

	Did you know that if climate change keeps up, hurricanes will stronger, and more intense. Also, the sea level will rise one to four feet by 2100. Also, if you in Jakarta Indonesia, Bangkok Thailand, Lagos Nigeria, Manila Philippines, Dhaka Bangladesh Shanghai, China, London England, or Houston Texas your town will be engulfed by the ocean in about 2100. Additionally, the arctic will become ice free. To add on, climate change also affects our food. Since climate change is earth's temperature rising, it will make it rain less, which means that plants will be missing out on water, and they won't be able to grow. To add on, climate change could also affect our health. For example, the air quality will be worse. Also, lots of animals and plants have to migrate to different, cooler areas of the world. "Some species -- including mosquitoes, ticks, jellyfish, and crop pests -- are thriving. Booming populations of bark beetles that feed on spruce and pine trees, for example, have devastated milllions of forested areas in the U.S." Said National Geographic, Effects of Climate Change. As well as, many diseases will spread. For example, malaria.
In summary, climate change has many bad effects.

How Does Climate Change Happen

	"Certain gases in the atmosphere block heat from escaping," Said The Causes of Climate Change. If this happens, the earth will automatically warm up if the heat cannot escape. It will just be trapped not being able to get out. This is called the greenhouse effect. Some of the greenhouse gasses are, Carbon Dioxide, Methane, Water Vapor, and Nitrous Oxide. "Humans are burning fossil fuels, releasing huge amounts of carbon pollution and trapping more and more heat in the atmosphere." Said How Do we Know Humans are Causing Climate Change. Planet earth's temperature depends on how much energy leaving the planet. "When incoming energy from the sun is absorbed by the Earth system, Earth warms." Said Causes of Climate Change.
In summary,
Climate change happens in different ways.

How To Stop Climate Change

	Did you know that you could help stop climate change just by riding a bike, taking public transportation, or carpooling? You could also help stop climate change by using renewable energy. If you can do anything to stop climate change, you should do it. For if you don't, many, many things will go wrong. Also, to help stop climate change you could buy an energy efficient car, or get a green career. For example, you could help make solar panels. "Any electronic gadget you can turn on with a remote (TV, DVD player, Nintendo, Xbox) uses power even when it is "off." Appliances with a digital clock (like a coffee maker) or a power adapter (like a laptop computer) also suck power like a sneaky vampire." Said Climate Kids.
In summary,
You should help stop climate change.

	Did you know that in 1950, "CO2 levels broke records from the previous 400,000 years, sharply rising and continuing to grow?"
In summary,
Climate change will make things become extinct, it has many bad effects, it is caused by us, and you can stop it.
