SPACE
Hello there, my name is Bellaraine. And my book is about space. I will teach you about the wonders of the stars that hang above us. And what’s deep inside the planet. And how much power the sun has to melt anything. Read my book and you will learn all about space.

The stars
In this chapter there will be stars. Not ordinary stars. Some stars are planets. did you know that when the moon has half of its side the other half is black, but the moon is not forming its just when the sun goes to the other half of the world the moon will be full. If you could walk all the way around the world, you would be able to notice that is is getting brighter and back to dark. And when the moon reflects with the sun it makes a spectrum. Spectrum: A band of colors seen in a rainbow

And the reason why the stars are so bright is because in the solar system the sun is in front of all the planets the sun is there and it makes all the planets bright. The moon is the most driest planet. The sun is also the most hottest and brightest star ever. If you are wondering if the sun is in front of all the planets why are they melting because the sun can melt everything, well almost everything. The only thing the sun can’t melt is the planets it’s how far they are from the sun adn how many layers these planets have. And yes that’s how strong planets are. Ok so earth and other three inner planets of our solar system ( Mercury, Venus and Mars ) are made of rock containing common minerals feldspars and metals like magnesium and aluminum. So is pluto. the other plants are not solid, Jupiter, for instance, is mostly made up of trapped helium, hidrogen, and water.

Planet Earth
In this chapter I will teach you what lies in the earth and what the earth’s heart is made of. So there is 4 layers of crust, 1st is the crust we live on. 2nd is called Lithosphere, the 3rd crust is called Asthenosphere, and the last crust is way hotter than hot metal, than magma, and than hotter than lava. The last and final crust deep inside that earth’s heart is called the iiiiiiiii inter core

Conclusion
Thank you for going with me on this amazing adventure riding through the stars. digging up the Crust of the world, and learning all about the planets of the whole solar system, thank you for reading my SPACE book, I you enjoyed it, thank you.
