Introduction
Did you know that Simon Cowell is a producer of America’s got Talent? Simon Cowell is a very important person to the performance history he has done many things to make performing shows on TV better. Today I am going to teach you about Simon’s family, Simon’s jobs, and Simon’s fame.

Simon’s Family
In Simon Cowell’s life he had a big family. Simon Phillip Cowell was born on October 7, 1959. Right now, Simon is 59 years old. Simon was born in London UK. Simon’s mom’s name is Juliet and his dad’s name is Eric. Also, Simon has two sisters, June and Lindsay. Not only that but Simon has a lot of brothers. Some of his brothers include Michel, John, and Nicholas. Simon also has a half brother named Tony. Simon’s wife is named Lauren Silverman and his son is named Eric. Nowadays Simon doesn’t really get together with his brothers and sisters but every once in a while he does. As you can see Simon has a big family, if you think about it you actually might want to be in a family as big as his, maybe.

Simons Jobs
Simon has had many jobs over the years. The main job Simon has now is a judge and producer on AGT (America’s got Talent.) Not only is Simon a judge and a producer on AGT but he was an actor, music producer, film producer, and much, much more. Simon was bored of being a music producer so he started all the got talents to hear more than just music, but a variety of acts. Simon didn’t start AGT as the first got talent because by then he didn’t live in America, he lived in England. The first got talent was BGT (Britain’s got Talent) where Simon lived. Simon started BGT in 2007.

Simon’s Fame
Would you like to live a normal life, or a life like Simon Cowell’s? If you lived a life like Simon Cowell you would be on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. You would get $950,000 dollars a year. Oh wait! Did I say $950,000, sorry, I meant $95,000,000. Simon Cowell has around $550,000,000 right now. If you had money like that you could buy almost anything you wanted. You could buy a huge house like Simon’s. You could buy a swimming pool like Simon. You could buy so many things if you had money like Simon. Another thing is, Simon gets paid $25,000 everytime he gets a paycheck on AGT.

Conclusion
All in all Simon Cowell is a very important part of history in many ways. Now that you know about Simon’s family, jobs, and fame you should do more research on his life style a stuff like that. If you’re wondering like me if Juliet is Simon’s mom or stepmom you should find out yourself. If you lived a life like Simon Cowell, you will live a long happy life, or as Simon would say on AGt “I don’t like it, I love it!”
