Mythical Beasts
Do you know what really makes thunder? Mythical beasts are unpredictable. One reason that mythical beasts are unpredictable is they all have amazing stories, cool powers, and they look crazy.
One reason mythical beasts are unpredictable is that they have awesome stories. First i’ll tell you about the thunderbird. In a dark forest lives a Native American tribe that was running low on food so they prayed to the gods to give them food but there was a thunderstorm and the tribe was heart broken then a huge bird with a whale in his talons swooped down in sight of the tribe and gave them a whale. Another story is the story of the Leviathan. The Leviathan was a sea creature that could breathe fire and swallow boats whole and so indestructible that Poseidon himself had to slay it. Finally stories can be funny scary or even sad but they are always awesome!
Another good reason mythical creatures are unpredictable is that they have cool powers. First the roc is very good at hurling builders because of the encounter with Jason and the argonauts. Jason tried to steal their egg and they started chucking rocks at him. Next Charybdis is very good at sucking people into whirlpools because she is a evil water nymph that was punished for flooding towns and Zeus turned her into a hideous sea monster. Finally almost all mythical animals have at least one superhuman power like being immune to fire or being able to shoot lightning out of your eyes but they are all super cool.
Although mythical beasts are unpredictable because they have awesome stories, they have cool powers, but most of all they look crazy! First the northern hydra has nine heads like a snake and a dogs body and a dragon tail the middle one can breathe fire and if you cut off a head two more grow back. Next a Cyclops has rags for clothes teeth for a necklace and has one eye in the middle of his head and is immune to fire. Finally all mythical creatures have crazy appearances.
In conclusion mythical creatures are unpredictable because they have awesome stories, cool powers, and most of all, because they look crazy. Now that you know all about mythical animals do you think they really exist?
