Fortnite
	Yahin macia

Table of Contents
4. Skins Intro 3       Conclusion 7
5. Modes
6. Play on

Introduction
Hello guys today I am going to talk about fortnite. Fortnite is a fun game but never play it every day. I bet you guys will get t play it but you will need to do some stuff first to go to the next slide   to learn about the skins. I love a lot they are very cool.

Skins
There are very cool skins from fortnite Like the black nite. The skins from fortnite are very cool not like real skin. The game stuff that the creator from fortnite that put stuff like the black nite piktur up there. There are more like the raven, banana, and the ninja if you guys want to see all the skins go to this link. And there’s the beef boss. I can’t get a link so just search Fortnite skins on google or on chrome. So yaa. Guys should see all the skins.

I am back there are very cool modes to play on fortinet like solos,duos,squads,sword fight play ground and I think one more I forgot. O their is sniper shootout and one shot. Fortnite is a gun game but doesnt show and blood or when they kill you a little mission gets you and leaves your gun on the floor.

Play on

You can play fortnite on some devices that you can play on. One of them is a ps4,pc which is computer, nintendo switch,and Iphone. Those are stuff that cost a lot of money you can even play on a Ipod my friend has it on a samsung that is very cool because they are not aloud to play on thair. I dont no why they dont know why they don’t allow them on the air that is not far because thain everyone that has one those divesis it will not be fair for the other people that do not. They are kind of bum. Onley Iphone 6,7,8.

Conclusion

So get out their and play fornite for 30 minutes it is a fun game so please do that it will be cool So please do that by Ow ya and you can play fortnite with nerf guns or fortnite nerf guns that is fun but that is no walls that you can only make with boxes if you have one built. So please do what I told you and don’t play for a long time.
