Gaming 
Matt#8

Table of Contents
Intro-Pg3
Tips And Tools-PG 4
Devices- Pg 5
Games!-Pg 6
Conclusion- Pg 7 

Introduction
Hello Epic Gamers, my name is ToastedPack, and this is epic gaming! But anyways, my name is Matt and I will be teaching you about gaming! You probably have played a game like Minecraft, or Roblox but that’s not all i’m talking about. Im talking about, tips and tools, Devices, Games, and that’s not it! But let’s get into the writing!

Tips and Tools
Have you ever thought of playing games that are not boring, and not stupid? Like life, the game? Have you ever wanted to type on games and click with a mouse, and sit on a chair that costs $399? Okay, then read this! If you want to play on high FPS (Frames per second) you want to get a pc or PS4. A game with pretty good graphics is Fornite! You have probably heard of it, and you have probably played it. It’s a fun game, where you can battle other players, play with your friends, and watch LIVE EVENTS! That’s awesome. You may call it, “Stupid”, Or, “The worst game in the world” But you should try playing it! You want to sit down,right? Well you can get a chair that is very comfortable. It’s a gaming chair! Even PewDiePie has a gaming chair! But you can buy another chair, that is not as comfortable as a gaming chair. A tip for Nintendo Switch players, is the pro controller. Don’t use those stupid joy cons! They will not help you with games, at all. But the pro controller will help you a lot. A tool for PC, is a good PC! You should probably get a good monitor, not like the ones at your school. Those are the tips and tools! Hope you learned something from reading this!

Devices
Have you ever wanted to play a video game, for example, Roblox, or Minecraft? Well you need a device, or a friend that has a device. But I prefer a console or PC, not a mobile device. For example, Phone, Tablet, Kindle, or amazon tablet. PS4 runs really good. If you want a good device, I prefer a PS4 or a PC. PC and PS4 have a really good FPS, and Mobile is not so good. Personally I do not like the XBOX, but it is good. The FPS is good too, but so is every other console, and PC. So, yes. You know what is good, and what isn’t good. And Nintendo is like, between Xbox and phone.

Games!
Now you have a console, and you have some tips. You want to play a game right? Well, let me recommend some for you. If you got a PC, then you will want good games, and some other games. I think you should get Five Nights At Freddy’s. It’s also on mobile, but you want the better experience, right?! Yes. Also there is Fortnite and Wizard101. Fortnite is a PVP, Battle royale, and RPG game. But you have to buy the RPG version, which is only on PS4, Xbox, and PC. The battle royale, PVP mode is on all devices. Wizard101 is a PC game, where you have to battle different beasts, and other Wisards! You level up, and collect different cards, and clothes. You start with a wizard robe, shoes, and a hat. There is also Roblox, Minecraft, and other awesome games.

Conclusion
Now you know tons of stuff about gaming. You know some tips and tools, you know devices, and games! I hope you get the victory royale! And you can play ROBLOX on the go with your mobile device! Along with the blocky game where you kill animals, and call PETA! Or feed the food to your wolf that dies in lava when you try to mine diamonds. I t’s Minecraft. And you can kill wizards and beasts in battles! So get out there and eat bread, and drink G-Fuel!
