Gray Wolves

Did you know that wolves almost never attack people? Even though you probably think of wolves of attacking people, they don’t. Although, if yo8u come across a wolf, you will probably want to run away. Also, “ Each pack has a unique howl, and while they don;’t howl at the moon, wolves howl more when the moon is full and bright.” Said article 2. A gray wolf eats different things, they act in different ways, and they have lots of babies.

What a Gray Wolf Eats
Did you know that a human is not on a wolves diet? They eat more small things. For example, birds, fish, lizards, and snakes. Although, they sometimes also hunt larger, hoofed animals. For instance, deer, elk, bison, and moose. To add on, wolfs can eat up to 20 pounds in a single sitting! A lot Right!

How a Gray Wolf acts
“Wolves communicate through body language, scent marking, barking, growling, and howling.” Said article 3. Gray wolves have many ways to show their emotions. For example, if you ever hear a gray wolf barking, they use this as a warning. So, you would want to get far away from the gray wolf, or else they may attack. Also, if a gray wolf wants to play, it will either tuck in its tail or roll over on there back. To add on, how a wolf shows it’s feelings is similar to the way a dog shows its feelings. Also, howling is a way for wolves to call there pack together to help keep people or animals they don’t know away.

A Gray Wolves Babies
Did you know that when a wolf is born, they only weigh 1 pound? Also, when they are born they can not see, nor hear. To add on, “Adult pack members swallow meat and bring it back to their den for their pups. After the adults regurgitate the food, the pups have a hearty meal.” Said article 3. Wolf pups normally stay close to their parents. Although, they do a lot of playing growing up. They even play tag and hide and seek! Just like you do! 

Did you know that, “Gray wolves are the largest living wild canine species?” Said article 3. Wolves live in packs that have 2 to 30 members. In summary, A gray wolf eats different things, they act in different ways, and they have lots of babies.
