Cats

Did you know, that about 37% of American homes own cats? Cats are unique because of many reasons. They are unique because, Their tails are unique, There are many types of breeds, and most of all, they tesst responsibility.

One reason Cats are unique is that Their tails are unique. For example, Their tails allow for balance. It can be used as a counterbalance to make it easy for making turns on a balance board. Another example, is that Their tails can also be for communication, With their tail, you can understand what your cat is feeling. Like if their tail is up, their ready to attack. Or if their tails is down they are calmed. Finally, cats can actually like without tails. Some cats are born without tails. And when they lose their tails, they can grow another one.

Another reason Cats are unique is that there are many types of breeds. For example, There are many types of mexican cats Like the Gato, which are one of the most calmed cats. To add on, There are even more egyptian cats than any other countrie that has cats. They have egyptian mau, and the Don hairless. Finally, their are also european cats, Like the famous European shorthair, and also the burmese.

Although Cats are unique because their tails are unique and because their breeds, Cats are unique especially because they test responsibility. For example, if you want a cat, Make sure you keep the bathroom door closed! One time, I accidentally left the bathroom door open. So my cat went inside and ripped all the toilet paper into shreds. And let’s just say my dad was not happy! Another reason why you have to be responsible is because cats sleep. A lot. One time my cat, (named Lola) slept in my room for 6 hours straight while I was at school. Cats can sleep a long time, so make sure your quiet!

In conclusion, Cats are unique because Their tails are unique, and there are many types of breeds, and most of all because they test responsibility. I think if you don’t have a cat, you should try getting one from the shelter. Also, if you want a question, do you love cats as much as I do?
