Golf

Golf is a very fun and complicated sport, many people around the world love it. I will be teaching you all about it. First I will teach you about the equipment you need, then I will teach you about the rules of golf, and finally, I will teach you about the golf Competition.

There is a lot of equipment you need for golf, Obviously, some of the most important things you need is a golf ball, and golf clubs, but you would be surprised on how much clothes matter in golf. You need different clothes with technology for different days. For example it is super cold out, the clothes that you would where would have technology in them that would hold body heat in, but if it was warm, you would want clothes that let your skin breath so you wouldn’t be as hot. Also, some of the other equipment you need is a golf bag, a glove (so your hands don’t get blisters), and golf shoes. Something really good about golf shoes is, if the spikes on the bottom get worn out, you can just take the shoes to a golf shop and get new spikes on them! As you can see there is a lot of equipment you need for golf.

You know that in golf you need a lot of equipment, but there also a lot of rules in golf, such as handicaps, tee boxes, and penalty strokes. A handicap is how many strokes over par you are (“par” is hitting the ball 72 times per 18 holes). For example, if your average score for a round was a 79 (6 over par), your handicap would be 6. However, if you played a person with a handicap of 0, they would have to give you 6 strokes for the match to be fair. Also, tee boxes, are places where you start hitting the ball on each hole. Different players start at different tee boxes, for example, my dad starts from farther tee boxes than me because he hits it farther. You would get a penalty stroke (an extra stroke) and tee off again. However, if you hit it in the water, you get a penalty stroke, but usually, there is a spot where you can drop the ball and play from there, that place is called a “drop zone”.

Finally, I will be teaching you about golf competition. For kids, there is a local tour called U.S. Kids Golf, but if you are a beginner, you shouldn’t do that. U.S. Kids golf is all over the world even not in the U.S., which still doesn’t make any sense to me, because it is literally called U.S. Kids Golf. Unfortunately, for grown ups, there is no local tour, it is either you travel the world to play professional golf tournaments, or, you just play golf courses close to you. Also, one of the most important kids golf tournaments is called, U.S. Kids Golf World Championships, it is where the best 100 or so kids in the entire world for their age, compete in North Carolina to be crowned the best kid at golf in the entire world, it lasts two days. I went there, the place was absolutely beautiful, but it was VERY rainy. Even though I didn’t do that good, I still beat some people, and I qualified for it again this year! So now I am hoping I will do better this time.

All in all, I hope you learned a lot more about golf than you thought you would, but trust me, you have about a gazillion more things to know, even I do! You have learned about all sorts of the equipment you need to play, you have learned about the rules of golf, and finally, you have learned about some of the competitions in the golf world. I absolutely love golf, and I think it is important for people to know more about it, otherwize, they just think it is a sport where you hit a golf ball and try to make it in the hole. Thank you for reading my Golf Information On Demand, see you next time!
