Good players in the NFL
Introduction
	Hi guys I’m here teach you all about Tom Brady, Rob Gronkowski and Ezekiel Elliott. These players are some of the best in the NFL and that is really hard. I like them and after this I hope you do to.

Tom Brady
	Did you know that Tom Brady’s is 6’4” and 225 lb? Last year Tom had 4,355 yards passing, that is one of the most. Tom brady went to college at michigan you might think I'm crazy but he was not the best QB. QB stands for Quarterback. Tom brady is number 12 on the patriots. You might think Tom brady's name is just Tom Brady but you are wrong because his name is Thomas Edward Patrick Brady. Jr. Tom's longest pass ever was 99 yards. He has the most Super Bowl rings ever that number is 6.

Rob Gronkowski
	Fun fact Rob Gronkowski had 7,861 yards in his career. Rob has 79 TD in his career that means that he got about 11 touchdowns in a season. TD means Touchdown. Rob Gronkowski won three super bowls. He was number 87 on the patriots. He played with Tom brady who has the most Super Bowl rings ever. He only fumbled ONE time last year and he only fumbled four times in his hole career then he had four seasons when he did not fumble at all.

Ezekiel Elliott
	Did you know that Ezekiel Elliott is number 21 on the cowboys. His longest catch and run last year was 38 yards. Ezekiel has two nicknames and they are [Zeke or Eze]. He has 28 TDs in his career, TD is touchdown. In his hole career he has 4048, so that means that in three years he has 4048 yards. Ezekiel is 6'0" that is small for sports. He's only 228 LB that is average for sports. In his first year he was the best runningback in the hole league that does not happen very often in the NFL then the second year he did good to.

Conclusion
Offensive players in the NFL. I think you should remember the names Tom Brady, Rob Gronkowski and Ezekiel Elliott. You play catch with a friends it is fun. You should start to watch football because it is fun and you might like it. I think you should play football with a person. I like football. Do you like football?
