Why you shouldn’t litter 

Table of Contents 
Intro
What littering does
How it effects on animals 
How it effects on people 


Look you can get fined!!!

Introduction 
“Mmm mmm mmmhhh” sorry that was just someone littering! This book is all about why you shouldn't litter. HEre are some of the reasons why you shouldn't litter one what littering does, how it effects on animals, and how it effects on people. Those are some good reasons why you shouldn't litter.follow these things and you won't be littering.

What littering does

Littering is a very bad thing to do. But some people decide to do it anyway because they don't know the consequences. One of the consequences is it just makes are world a trashy place to be living in. Also, it makes our world even more polluted than it already is. Did you know that if you litter you can get a fine? A fine is where the police will say that you owe them money and then that is really bad because then sometimes you will have to go pick up trash that isn't even yours, it is called community service. Then when your picking up the trash and you see someone driving by and throw some more trash on the ground and you have to pick it up then you will understand what other people have to go through and you won't do it again. 

How it effects on animals

Did you know when you throw trash out say your car window and your by the beach then it will somehow end up in the ocean. And a fishie will think that it is food and they will eat it. And you should know that it will kill them. Do you really want to kill a innocent fish and take its life away> Cause I don’t. While we are talking about the ocean, same thing it will end up in the ocean and pollute the water. And you know that little kids will swim in the water and most likely they will sick just because of someone who through a piece of trash in the ocean. Also, when you throw it out on the beach then it ends up in the water and it could wrap around a fish’s neck and kill an innocent fishie. 

How it effects on people 

Say you’re walking down the road and your eating a bag of sour watermelon gummies. And there is a little bit of it left but you are full so you just throw it on the sidewalk. Then a little kid walks by and sees the bag of gummies and secretly EATS ONE. Then they realise that they are allergic to the gummies. And there by them self and no one is there to help and they DIE. A little kid just died because of one person littered. Imagine if everyone littered and it never stopped see how many kids would die just because of people being lazy and not throwing their trash in a trash can. Also, it can pollute the air. And people with asthma will get really bad cough attacks and almost die because some one littered. 


Conclusion 

Now you know What littering does, how it affects animals, and how it affects people. You know why you should not litter and how you should help the environment.Also, people that don’t  litter   have to suffer because of people littering. I challenge you to go spread the words about Why you shouldn't litter. And then tell other people to spread the word too. Because I don't want my world or yours to be trashy. 


