Soccer

Introduction 
Looking for a sport? Well I got one for you… it’s SOCCER!!! Soccer is an interactive sport. In the next few paragraphs I will be teaching you about soccer!!! If you are a beginner you will need basic skills and if you are an advanced player you will need advanced skills. You will also learn about the field and setup. Lastly you will learn about famous fouls and goals and records. Keep reading to be a soccer star!

Skills
Skills are very important in soccer. One skill is dribbling. To play soccer you have to know how to dribble. To dribble you run with the ball close by your feet so the defender can’t get to the ball. Another skill you need to know how to do is shooting the ball in the goal. To shoot the ball you dribble the ball towards the goal you swipe your foot at the bottom of the ball with your shoelaces. Make sure you don’t shoot at the goalie! The last beginner skill you need to know is passing. To pass, you run down the field dribbling if a defender is coming at you you can pass to a teammate. With the inside of your foot you kick to your teammate. Now that you know some beginner skills here are advanced skills. For example goalie. The goalie stands in front of the goal and does anything to stop the ball from going into the goal. The last advanced skill is headering. To header the ball you shit the ball with your foreheard if the ball is to high to kick. Now you know about beginner and advanced skills. 

Field
To play soccer you need a field with a certain setup. On the field you have to have a goal. The field should have 2 goals, 2 goal areas, sidelines, a center circle and 2 penalty boxes. The field is usually 110-120 yards. The setup of players depends on your age. If you are 10 years old you will have 11 players on the field at once. The positions that you will play are defender these people defend the goal midfielder these people score and defend, forward these people score and get the ball close to the goal lastly the goalie, the goalie defends the goal they are backup incase the forwards on the other team get past the defenders on your team. 

Famou fouls goals and records
Fouls are not good, goals are amazing, some records have never been broken. One time I was watching a video on my dads phone and it showed a video of Alex Morgan running to the ball and her and the goalie had a head collision those types of fouls aren't always fouls. Another time I was watching a video and Alex Morgan Was running and the defender caught her foot on the ankle and down alex Morgan went. Some goals are people jumping and headeing the ball right into the goal. Another goal was some people shit the ball past all the defenders and another player blasted it into the goal. Lastly some records are Pele a famous soccer player scored 1,281 goals in his career. Another record is Hakan Sukur another famous player scored a goal in the first 11 seconds of the game. Also Mia Hamm a famous women soccer player had 158 games in the world games.

Conclusion 
All In all soccer is a great sport. You learned about skills in soccer. You learned about the field and setup on a soccer field. Lastly you learned about Famous fouls, goals and records. Go now and sign up for your local soccer team. Don;’t forget the most important rule have FUN!!!!
