Tanks

Origin of Tanks

First if the origin of tanks, in 19- 1915, Britain, if was around the time of WWI and the enemy’s were toos trong, any trench they went in they would be instantly killed so Britain had an idea, they would make heavy armored vehicles, with piercing shells that would tear through any armored vehicles. But there was one problem, they weren't sure how to make powerful shells, and the heaviest armor was too heavy they couldn't move it. It ended up being the mark I with only metal to protect it from gundir They thought it was perfect. It was pretty good then but it only takes a few shots to the weak points (manhole, right/left side) It was called the Little willie Later in WWII the enemy’s figure out what they were doing and beat them to there goal of the piercing shell and heavy armor.

Shells
You may be confused on why shell is in a book about heavily armored vehicles. Well because that’s the name of the ammunition for tanks. Shells are important parts of tanks because without shells the guns would only fire machine guns that do nothing to other tanks,. The shells had to be perfect for every tank (so it wouldn't blow up while carrying it into the tank) the first shells were actually shotgun shells. Britain wasn’t lazy using shotgun shells for tanks they didn't know that to use it for the shell, and the tanks fire wasn't very powerful so the normal shells now would have just exploded in front of tank. So they ended up with shotgun shells. THen it got more advanced with all the stuff. Also shells are measured in size (mm, cm)

From left to right 90 mm shrapnel shell, 120 mm pig iron incendiary shell, 77/14 model 75 mm shrapnel shell. 

Facts

Last is facts about tanks. Tanks are very interesting to learn about, mostly on shells, and armor. But facts are the most fun. The word tank was a way to trick germans that were spies and knew english making them think of the “Water Tank” instead of a heavily armed vehicle. Tanks hold 3-5 men, Driver, commander, loader, and gunner, those are mostly there. Then there's the radio man who helps with the radio so that the commander can command while the others work. The radio man helps them keep moving. Next are the tanks in certain wars. World War II: T-34, Tiger, Panzer, Panther, and Sherman. In the Vietnam warL m-48, Merkava, MkIID Baz, Xm1202, T-90, m1a1 abrams, type 10. Artillery vehicles are the best vehicles to counter tanks. 

Conclusion 

Did you know 

