Basketball

I’m going to teach you about basketball. The things i will be telling you are How to play, then famous people that played and last but most important gear!

How to play basketball well first you need to find a court to play on. Now, let’s start by the points if you make a basket inside of the arch line that counts as 2 points. Behind the arch counts as a 3 point shot. Also if someone fouls you ( foul if someone hits are pushes you in any way) you go to the foul line and take your shots each shot counts as one. If someone fouls you and you make it is an and 1 that means that the red counts the points that you made whether it is a 2 pointer or a 3 pointer and you get 1 shot if the ball goes out of the rectangle line the other person takes that out to pass it it to  the teammate. If you guard someone and people join that is double team that is legal in the ball game. There is a 24 second clock violation which means you have only 24 seconds to shoot the ball unless you get the offensive rebound.

Famous people that/ still play the game of basketball are LeBron James he was a great inspiring player to the NBA  and he still plays he played on the Miami Heat,Cleveland Cavaliers and now he play for my team the Los Angeles Lakers. An also great player is Kobe Bryant  is a great player he was the all time leading scorer in the NBA he played for the Lakers and helped the Lakers to a couple championships unfortunately he retired in 2014. Then comes the three point shooter Stephen Curry is tied for the most threes made at 200. He has led the Golden State Warriors to many championships has won he MVP award 1 time looking for two times.  And actually today is Stephen Curry’s birthday. He is really inspiring to me.

Last but most important is gear to play basketball. 1 thing is basketball shows i recommend you getting Lebron 15 are kyrie 4 they are comfortable. An other thing is shorts if you don’t have basketball shorts you are in big trouble. Also sometimes  your coach gives you your jersey so they Know what number you are. Other things are tights,headband,wristband  arm sleeve and socks. One time I wore a headband and it got so sweaty that i didn’t want to were it anymore. 

I hope you enjoyed my writing piece and also you should go give basketball a try i recommend it is really fun!!!
