Futsal

Did you know that futsal is soccer indoors? Futsal is a very cool and unique sport because of ball control, the different rules, and the types of kicks you can do in futsal.

One reason futsal is a cool and unique sport is all the ball control. One reason you need ball control is your playing on a basketball court. Wikipedia states that on a basketball court you need to have fantastic ball control. Another reason, you need ball control is because there is a lot of players. Ten players is the max of people who should be on the court. But sense your playing on a basketball court with nine other people, it shows you need ball control.

Another reason futsal is a cool and unique sport is all the different rules. One example of different rules is the general rules. One general rule is there is NO overtime so if the score is zero-zero the referee will end the game. Another, general rule is there is NO offside. If someone is in front of the defence and someone pases to them the referee won’t call it. Another type, of rules is the substitution rules. One, of these rules is the referee will not stop the play for a substitution according to the United States Futsal. One last type, of rules is the restart rules. According to the United States Futsal you kick in the ball where as in soccer you throw in the ball.

Although futsal is a cool and unique sport because of ball control, and the different rules, futsal is especially a cool and unique sport because of all the types of kicks you can do. One, type of kick you can do is the sided kick. This kick gives a lot of power if you know how to do it. You can only use this kick in mid-air. And you have to time it perfectly or it won’t work. First, you need to have a time when your going to kick. Next, you swing your foot sideway connecting with the ball. Finally, when you hit the ball push all your power into it and you have a perfect sided kick. Another, type of kick is the Dybala kick. It is very similar to the sided kick but with a few tweeks. First, you knee the ball in mid-air. Then, do a sided kick and you have a perfect Dybala kick.

In conclusion, futsal is a cool and unique sport because of ball control, different rules and most of all because of all the types of kicks. I think futsal is a great way to improve in soccer (if you even play soccer). Now do you think you would be good at futsal?
