Cupcakes 

Intro 
You open your eyes to the smell or something wonderful. SOmething sweet as heaven, and you feel like your dancing on clouds. This is probably a cupcake your smelling. Not only do cupcakes smell good, but also there are many flavors, you can decorate them however you want and there easy to make!

Flavores
Whenever I go to the cupcake shop and I just can’t decide which cupcake to get! There are so many flavors! All of them are good too. Chocolate is always a nice one to pick. How about vanilla bean? Lemon? There are so many cake/frosting combos too! Lemon cake and vanilla frosting, or the other way around. Chocolate cake and vanilla frosting. Chocolate cake and chocolate frosting. Vanilla cake and vanilla frosting. that’s called vanilla bean! Blueberry frosting, mmmmmmmmmm! Strawberry cake? Why not! Sounds good to me! Just writing this paragraph made my mouth water!

Decorating
Now that you know all of the flavors and have chosen yours out, it’s time to get whatever decorations you want! There are two types of decorations. One is edible, and the other is non-edible. (Edible means you can eat it without being sick! So non-edible is the opposite!) Lions. Let’s start with non-edible decorations. Sometimes cupcakes will have little plastic toys or candles on them. Normally if it has candes it means that there’s a celebration of some sort. (Birthday, wedding, anniversary etc:) Edible decorations are also on all of those things too. Sprinkles, candy beads, extra decorative frosting, edible glitter, there are just so many! The rapper is most important (probably). If you are going to use a cupcake wrapper, choose wisely! There are so many different designs on them. In conclusion, cupcakes have many ways to decorate.

Let’s make a cupcake!
Now let’s get down to business. When making a cupcake make sure you have and adult supervision because you will be dealing with hot surfaces and no one wants to get hurt, right? First, you need all your wet ingredients. Eggs, Milk, butter, and everything else that is a “wet ingredient”, put them all in a bowl and put it under a mixer until all of the bubbles and clumps are gone. (You may also use your hands (a whisk) for mixing.) next, grab all of your dry ingredients. Flour, sugar, baking soda, and everything else that is a “dry ingredient”. Do the same but putting it in a bowl and putting the bowl under the mixer until all of the bubbles and clumps are gone. After that, combined all of they ingredients and put them in one big bowl and put that under the mixer. (See above) Then, put the batter into a cupcake tin and make sure it’s all evenly spread out. Put that in the oven for however long the resipy says. (Different cakes bake for different times!) after you hear the heavenly ding of the wonderful pastre, take they out, pup them out, and decorate! (See second paragraph.) Finally, you can eat your sweet treat! Save me one too!

Conclusion
After all of that I think if I don’t get a cupcake i’m going to explode! After all, cupcakes come in a wide range of flavors, can be decorated any way you want, and are easy to make. 
