Volcanoes

“More than 80%  of the earth’s surface is volcanic in origin. The seafloor and some mountains were formed by countless volcanic eruptions. Gaseous emissions from volcano formed the earth’s atmosphere.” (dosomething.org) The Ring of Fire contains many volcanes, there are also many different types of volcanoes, some more dangerous than others. Volcanoes form in three different ways. 

The ring of fire contains 72% of all of the world’s active volcanoes. Also, the Ring of Fire is 24,900 miles all around it. The Ring of Fire has 452 volcanoes around it. The Ring of Fire contains 15 countries along it. “The abundance of volcanoes and earthquakes along the Ring of Fire is caused by the amount of movement of tectonic plates in the area.” (National Geographic)

The three main types of volcanoes are, composites, shields, and lava domes. Composite volcanoes are 8,000 foot domes that are filled with lava and magma. Shield volcanoes are the largest volcanoes on earth and are also filled with lava and magma. Finally, lava domes are formed by magma that can not go away or move very far. 

Mount Vesuvius, Mount Rainier, Novarupta, Mount Pinturbo, Mount St. Helens, Mount Agung,and Mount Fuji are the most dangerous volcanoes. 

Mount Vesuvius is a well known volcano in the town of Pompeii. Novarupta Eruption was the most powerful eruption in the 201th century. Mount Rainier’s most recent eruption killed around 23,000 people but, erupted in 1894. Mount Pinaturbo killed 722 total people(witch is still a lot!) “On May 18, 1980, an earthquake struck below the north face of Mount St. Helens in Washington state, triggering the largest landslide in recorded history and a major volcanic eruption that scattered ash across a dozen states.” (The Atlantic) “Agung’s euption lasted 11 months, producing dangerous ash fall and pyroclastic flows that led to more than 1,000 deaths and property damage.” (Time) If Mt. Fuji ever erupts agani, it’ll affect 25,000,000 people(death, sicknesses, ect.)!

“Volcanoes can be formed in three ways. Theses include inter-plate activity, where magma pushes up between cracks in tectonic plate boundaries; the drift of hotspots in continental plates, which pushes magma through the surface; and magma chambers opening up beneath the earth, which cracks the surface of forms volcanoes.” (Referece.com). The most common way they’re formed is when magma pushes through from below the Earth’s crust, into the crust. 

I hope you learned how The Ring of Fire contains many volcanes, and how there are also many different types of volcanoes, some more dangerous than others. And also how volcanoes form in three different ways. 
