Wolves

Did you know that “wolves often travel at five miles (8 kilometers) and hour, but can reach speeds of 40 miles (64 kilometers) an hour?” (NWF.org) They communicate with other wolves by barking or howling. Wolves have many characteristics. They also have an unusual diet. 

Communication

First off all wolves communicate through body language, scent marking, barking, and howling. Wolves/Dogs may howl because another wolf is howling, and it can be heard from 10 miles away. When a wolf backs down from another wolf it will couch, whimper, tuck in its tail, lick the other wolf’s mouth or roll over on its back and when a wolf is going to fight it puts his ears back on his head and growls to warn others to stay away. Barking is used as a warning to others and howling is a way to communicate and gather their pack together. 

Another way wolves communicate is through body language.
When a wolf wants to play, it prances about happily and bows-lowering the front of its body while its butt stays up in the air with its tail wagging. When it’s angry, a wolf may frown its forehead, show its fangs, or growl.

Characteristics of a wolf
Second of all A wolf’s sense of smell is 100 times stronger than a human’s. A pack is a family of 7-8 wolves with a mom, dad, and baby wolves. Each pack has a different and unique howl. Canines with long bushy tails that are often black-tipped. Ther coat color is typically a mix of gray and brown. Wolves vary in size depending on where they live. The average size of a wolf’s body is three to five feet long and their tails are usually one to two feet long. Females typically weigh 60 to 100 pounds, and Females typically weigh 60 to 100 pounds, and males weigh 70 to 145 pounds.

Wolves also eat smaller mammals, birds, fish, lizards, snakes, and fruit. They attack their prey in packs while surrounding it. Adult wolves care for their young pups and bring them food when they are hungry. They keep and eye on the young pups while other wolves are hunting. Wolves are Carnivores and they prefer to eat large hoofed mammals such as deer, elk bison, and moose. They hunt smaller mammals such as beavers, rodents, and hares. 


