Baseball

	Did you know that baseball is all about teamwork? If you try to do your best and cheet own your teammates for sure you will win.  Baseball takes a lot of teamwork and practice because you need to work with your teammates., to win you need to cooperate with your teammates, and most of all, because you need to cheer them on.
	One reason that baseball takes a lot of teamwork and practice is to win you have to cooperate with your teammates.  For example in my baseball team we work together and help each other out.  Aditionally in our first game we are losing but then we worked it out and helped each other out.  Additionally in out first game we were losing but then we worked it out and helped each other out and we caught up to the other team and then we won.  Finally you have to trust each other and help them as much as you can and if you do you can win.
	Another reason that baseball takes a lot of teamwork is that you have to help each other out. For example in our game my teammate missed catching the game and I got the ball and helped him out. Additionally in practice my teammate couldn't hit a single ball and I helped him out and he hit plenty of baseballs.  Finally you have to trust each other and help them as much as you can.
	Although baseball takes a lot of of teamwork because to win you need teamwork, and because you have to help each other out because you have to cheer them on.  For example in our game my teammate was going to strike out but then we started chanting, You can do this and he hit it very hard and far.  Another reason is in practice my teammate was sad because he didn't catch a ball and we cheered for him and he finally caught it.  Finally in our game we were losing but then we started cheering for our team and we caught up and passed them and we won.
	In conclusion baseball takes a lot of teamwork because to win you need teamwork, you have to help each other out, and most of all you have to cheer them on.  I think that it takes a lot of work to make a good team.  How can you help your team?
