February 27, 2019
Info. On-Demand

	Wrestling

	Introduction
	"You fight for your dreams and your dreams will fight for you!"  WWE superstar Daniel Bryan. Are you ready to learn about wrestling? If you are then let's get started. You will learn about safety, some wrestlers, and some tage teams. Well let's get started. Read on to find out about the safety of wrestling.

	Safety
	Do you want to leadn about safety? Well let's get started. These wrestlers are trained professionals.  Which is why they say please do not try this at home. But sometimes accidents happen. Wrestlers have had accidents before. But the wrestlers are careful so they don't have accidents. Some wrestlers sometimes do things on purpose to actually hurt other wrestlers. Lik sometimes they even get away with it. Plus, if it's for a title or something it could be really disappointing.  There is a lot of things you have to be carful about in wrestling like getting hurt.  I mean that's why they say please do not try this at home. Now you know about the safery of wrestling.

	Wrestlers 
	Now you will get to know some wrestlers and some stuff about them.  For example, I will tell you about a wrestler named Roman Reigns. He is a very tough wrestler. Th's had leukemia for the past 11 years! But he's beat it each time. As you can see, he is a very tough wrestler. And he is a very good wrestler. Another wrestler is Richocet. He is very impressive. He is very fast. He can do a lot of realy cool flips. So if you watch him do not take your eyes off the T.V. screen.  He will blow you away with this high flyin style. Don't you think he's impressive? Another wrestler is Aj Styles. He is a great wrestler. And he is a very nice guy. For example, when I went to Smackdown Live he came over and gave us high fives and said " let's go boys." Don't you think he's nice? Now you know some wrestlers and a little bit about them.

	Tag Teams
	Now you will get to know some tag teams and a little bit about them. One tag is the Usos. They are a really good tag team. They know how to work together. And that helps them win matches. They are also great wrestler. They have this finisher called the super kick. And it knocks their opponents out cold. Which will help them win matches. Aren't theya great tag team? Another Tag Team is the New Day. They like to mess around a lot. They throw pancakes to the crowd and thier really funny. But when they get in the ring they don't mess around they wrestle serious. They are really good wrestlers. And this on guy on their team, Kofi Kingstom is a great wrestler. He is erally fast. Overall, they're a great tag team. Now you know some tag teams.

	Conclusion
	Now you know a lot about wrestling. You got to learn about the safety, some wrestlers, and some tag teams.  Aren't you glad that you learned a lot about wrestling? Now you can watch wrestling and you might like it. Now you can tell your parents about wrestling
