How to plan a Birthday Party

Introduction
Do you know that the close billion birthday cards are sent each year in the U.S. alone accounting for nearly 58 percent of all card sent . chapter 1 Tip of decorations ,chapter 2 Tip of food and desserts , chapter3 Tip of cakes ,chapter 4 Tip of games ,chapter 5 make invitations .

Chapter 1 Tip of decorations
There is a lot of decorations and streamers also there is more than that you can make that you can make that you need a ballons and a flower then get tape and put it on the balloon then get the flower door and when you come into the door it will look cool and it is fun .

Chapter 2 Tip of food and desserts
You can get a lot of food for example chip and salsa and make tacos , tamales , cupcakes , cookes. Another example is candy there is good kind of candy that like to also there is a lot of different kind of cupcakes and they are good some have lot of frosting on them. Some have candy and sprinkles and they look good to eat . Also tamales are good to the in sade of the tamale it has a good flavor .

Chapter 3 Tip of cakes
There is a lot of cakes in the world and they are good for example there are 3 leche , and chocolate bread to . Also there are good things on the cakes I sowe one that had chocolate on the side of the cake and the chocolate was dripping .Also you can make a cake that looks like a unicorn and you	can put what you want on the cake if you made the cake you can made it with love

Chapter 4 Tip of games
There is a lot of games that you can play for example tag or hide in go seek or freeze tag those are fun games . Also put the tail on the cat or a animal I can tell you how to play first a person is it the person tages another person and the person is frozen and not move unless another person that is not it they tag them and they are unfrozen and they can move again that is how you play freeze tag .

Chapter 5 Make invitations
First you get a card and you decorated with sticker or more there is a lot of things that you can put on the invitations you can add a crown in you invitations for your 15 birthday and you is your 15 birthday. the card can look cool and pretty or if is not your 15 birthday it will look pretty and cool to you can put a lot of things in the invitations .

Conclusion
Now that you know how to plan a birthday party you plan a big party with big balloons and when you are done it will look pretty .Also I hop you have the best party ever in your life .
