The Universe

Introduction

Did you know how the Universe formed ?Keep reading .And ,also my subtopics are Did you know how the  Universe is expanding right now , Do you know how a Black hole forms , Do you know how a star forms , Do you know how to travel forward in time …

Did you know how the Universe is expanding right now ?
Everyone in World knows light is the fast thing in the Universe but many people don’t know how far can travel in one sd they say light travels at 1,000 km per sd or more . If you don’t exactly how far can light travel in one sd ,it travels. 
The speed of light in a vacuum is 186,282 miles per second (299,792 kilometers per second). “You might have notices this p talks different then the heading ”
Mabe light travels very fast ,but the Universe is very very big that million of years to go out of the Universe.
When light travels through the Universe it  expands and the space around it also expands . After that the Universe  expands forever…

Do you know how a Black hole forms?
Imagine a room of a lot lottery not one shirt will fit in the room, if you try it really hard it will turn into Black hole .There are one ways a Black hole can form . The First way is a really massive star burn really hot and fast . When this progress starts in the stars core there will a little bit iron , it builds up in the core. When the  the iron is big enough the star dies in a progress called Supernova. The leftover of the star is the  iron it become a Black hole…

Do you know hoe a star forms?
A star form When a lot of hydrogen gas cloud are near to each other . When they are near to each other gravity puts them at high pursue and a star forms. 
Do you know that in some ways star can form inside a star ?The First way is ,a really massive star burn really hot and fast . When this progress starts in the stars core there will a little bit iron ,it builds up in the core. When the  the iron is big enough the star dies in a progress called Supernova . The leftover of the star is the iron it becomes a Black hole or a Neutron star .These is how star con form inside a star…

Do you know how to travel forward in time?
As you approach the speed of light, your clock runs so slow you could come back 10,000 years in the future.’ The theory is based on Einstein’s Theory of Special Relativity that states to travel forward in time, an object would need to reach speeds close to the speed of light. These p says if you need to travel forward in time close to speed of light ….

Conclusion
In my book, I thought you about some of the special things in Universe.And again my subtopics are  Did you know how the  Universe is expanding right now , Do you know how a Black hole forms , Do you know how a star forms , Do you know how to travel forward in time . Now you know some special things in Universe ,now go and became astronaut...
