Space
Annette Salgado #24

Table of Contents
Introduction
Facts about space
Different planets
Sun
conclusion

Introduction

Do you LOVE space? Well if you do you will maybe like this book, but anyway I am going to teach you some facts about space, but I will also teach you about the different planets out there in space, but what about the sun? Well I will also teach you about the great big star in are solar system. Well what are you waiting fo go and read my book about space.

Fun facts about space

Have you heard of the black hole that people took a picture from? Well if you have how cool was it to see? But anyway here are some fun fact about space. Did you know that there are hotter planets then the sun? Well if not then the hotter or bigger sun is KELT-9b this plant is hotter than most stars it was found in the year 2016. Did you know that no one knows how old saturn’s rings are? Do you know that venus is named after the goddess of love? Her name was Venus too!

Different planets

Have you heard of mars? Well mars is planet that most people think it does not have any life in it. But mars could support life. Which is really cool if you think about it. Now let’s not forget about saturn here. Saturn has 62 moons! I bet you didn’t know about that, and now jupiter, did you know the great red spot on jupiter has been around for a long time! Jupiter is also the fastest spinning planet in are solar system.

Sun

Did you know that the sun will one day eat the earth? Kinda scary right? Well to begin the sun is made out of leftover gas’s from the nebula. But did you know that the sun is almost a perfect sphere? Also the sun is SO big that it can fit over one million earths inside the sun. Did you know that sun the is travling over 220 km per second? The sun is huge but tiny. The sun is also the solar system!

Conclusion

I hope you liked learning about space. Like the fun facts about space, different planets, and our bright sun. Who knows you might be an astronaut and go out of our milky way to see other places around in space. Or even find new life forms like us humans. You don’t know what can be out there in space so if you do want to do those things then I suggest you to be careful.
