Lebron James

Introduction

	In 1984 a legend was born, that legend is Lebron James. If you don’t know who Lebron is ill tell you. He is a professional basketball player that plays small forward for the Los Angeles Lakers. He is know for is acrobatic dunks, flashy passes, and the best of all he is the best player to play BASKETBALL. James had a hard beginning, but then a flash happens turning him into a star, and what he has accomplished in his life is amazing.

Child Hood

James childhood was very tough. His mom was a single parent. Living in Akron Ohio. They never had a house to stay at they were moving to friends couches, and to streets. When he was little his mom got him a mini basketball and hoop. This is how he fell in love with basketball. He joined his school teams as he grew old but he didn’t have much education either from moving around alot. James said he missed “82 days of school!” Lebron was so good he carried his team to victorys helping them win championships. Obviously that means James had talent, when he entered high school it’s where it all changes.

All Star
	After James entered St. Vincent Marry high school. He joined his school basketball team after a couple of games his couch noticed he was struggling. His coach offered James a place to stay Lebron said yes and that’s where it took off. Lebron kept dominating averaging 25.2 points, 7.2 rebounds, 5.8 assist, and even 3.8 steals. James blew up people were calling him the chosen one, the Akron hammer, the I train, the goat, and my favorite one king James. He got so popular in high school in one game 2,003 people came. Sadly one day a fan gave him custom shoes for him and you are not allowed to accept gifts from fans. He got suspended. After missing a couple of games it was the end of the season. Lebron was going to college but he did not want to he decided to enter the NBA fresh. The first pick of the 2003 draft the Cleveland Cavaliers select 18 year old Lebron James. He had an amazing rookie season but he was never able to win a championship. His team was not very good. He got tired of losing and losing. So in 2010 he went to free agency. Nearly 10 million people were watching him make his decision between the Miami Heat or the Cleveland Cavaliers . This is how it ended he said “ I have decided to take my talents to south beach and join the Miami Heat.” Fans in Cleveland were devastated burning his jerseys, crying, screaming, sadly they even tried to kill him. His Accomplishments In the NBA were outstanding.

Accomplishments
In his first year he was named the Rookie of the Year, finishing with averages of 20.9 points, 5.9 assists, and 5.5 rebounds per game. He had an amazing rookie season but he was never able to win a championship. His team was not very good. He got tired of losing and losing. So in 2010 he went to free agency. Nearly 10 million people were watching him make his decision between the Miami Heat or the Cleveland Cavaliers . This is how it eneded

Conclusion
All in all Lebron James has in amazing Story and some great accomplishments. Well I think Lebrons the best basketball player but do you?
