Basketball


The lakers were winning 98-96 with 10 seconds left. The point guard on the warriors dribbled down the court. Dribble, dribble, dribble. He stops dribbling behind the three point line. He shoots, the defenders try defend him but not today. The shot is good. Buckets, The warriors win 99-98. This is basketball. You will learn what gear you need for basketball, where to play basketball and very famous basketball players and really good teams.

You need a lot of gear to play basketball. For example, you need special shoes for basketball because if you wear regular shows they get ruined because you run a lot in basketball and the bottoms get worn out. You don’t have to wear basketball shoes if you are just shooting, but in a game you should wear basketball shoes. You also need a basketball. There is a kid size basketball and a professional size. You also need basketball hoops to shoot in. One time I was play basketball in my reguer shoes and when the game was over, the bottoms were practically worn off. 

You need a place to play basketball. You can practically play basketball anywhere as long as you have a hoop to shoot in. The best place to play is inside on a wood floor because a wood floor is better for basketball. Also if it’s raining you don’t want to be outside playing basketball, right? In the summer though its nice out so you should play outside. So the best place to play when its raining is inside.

There are alot of famous basketball players and good teams. Michael jordan was a really good basketball player that played on the bulls. Kobe bryant played on the lakers. Shaquille o’neal also played on the lakers. bryant and o’neal were teammates. Stephen curry is also a really good player on the golden state warriors. Lebron James is really good player on the lakers. Really good teams are the LA lakers the warriors the raptors the bulls and the oakland thunder.

It’s a rematch between the warriors and the lakers. The warriors were winning 102-101. With 10 seconds left lebron james dribbles down the. Stephen curry was playing really good defense when hames does a crossover and jukes out curry takes two step and dunks it! Lakers win 103-102 Basketball is a really interesting sport. There is are a lot of gear you need, you need to play basketball in a certain place and there are alot of good players on really good teams.
