Extreme Plants
By Finley Pearse

	What do you know about Mother Nature? Did know that some incredible plants can grow six feet in one day?! Prepare yourself for an amazing opportunity to learn about where these crazy plants live, how they’ve adapted to their environment, and world records! (The fastest growing, most poisonous, and the stinkiest.) Be sure to take a look at the diagram at the back of the book.  Expand your brain for exciting new knowledge!

Where They Live

	I will now be telling you where an amazing plants live, and why it needs their environment.
	Near a stream of crystal water, in the middle of Africa, a small plant with fur like fuzz is thriving in the hot sun. Although this plant looks quite fun to touch, you probably shouldn’t! This fantastic plant is known as the stinging nettle. First of all, the stinging nettle can be located in United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, Africa and South America. No matter what, this plant needs the sun, but will usually be found by a stream or river so it can have some moisture, They also need ways to get nutrients, so they must consume the animal carcasses that decompose near where they live. You might also be wondering how it got its name. This is how: whenever the stinging nettle comes in contact with skin or light fur, (like a horse), it is known to send off a burning and itching sensation. And that’s why this plant is known as the stinging nettle!

How They’ve Adapted

Why are some plants able to survive harsh conditions? How do they live in boiling, hot deserts r below freezing temperatures? Let’s find out!
	In a large, rocky desert in Mexico, a small cactus stands, staring p into the golden sun. Wouldn’t it die? You’d be surprised! This little plant is known as the hedgehog cactus, and it is hard to kill! Hedgehog cacti can be found Southwest including New Mexico, Mexico, and Texas. Although these plants are mostly found in the desert, they can also survive freezing conditions. Additionally, these florae can live in boiling temperature on account that they are succulents. Succulents are an interesting plant to know about because they have a supply of water inside their leaves, stem, and roots. Some succulents you may be familiar with are jave, echeveria elegans, fasicated hawthoria, and hawthoria retusa. You can tell if a plant is a succulent or not from breaking open the leaf or stem. If there is water inside, it is a succulent. That is one of the many ways plants survive their habitat.

World Records

	Some plants can smell like dirty diapers, moldy cheese, and rotten eggs, while others can grow 3-6 feet in one day! Wow! Are you ready to become an expert on plants that live in extremes?
	A lemur jumps to the forest floor of the Amazon rainforest. It looks around for something to eat, when it spots a small, shiny red seed. It crawls over to the seed, but the quickly darts away. The lemur knows this plant is dangerous. This deadly plant is known as the castor bean. Filled with one of the most crucial poisons, ricin, a small dose can kill a person. However the bright colors of a castor bean are to warn animals, “Don’t eat me!!!”.
A beautiful rainforest in Indonesia is home to a huge flower. This plant has been waiting to bloom for 7-10 years! Unfortunately, once the flower opens, it releases an odor smelling of dirty diapers, rotten eggs, and moldy cheese! This big stinker is called the corpse flower. As you now know, it has a putrid smell. It may smell absolutely terrible to you, but to pollinators, this smell is saying, “Come pollinate me, I’m food!” With it’s horrible odor, the corpse flower lures bugs, such as flies and mosquitoes, to pollinate it. The corpse flower is only open for 24 hours, and then it is forced to close.
In the forests of Taiwan, a small bamboo stalk stands about 3 feet. But by the end of the day, once the sun sets, it will be 5-6 feet tall! This rising giant is known as the tortoise-shell bamboo, and boy, does it grow! Many people around the world are interested in this plant. At a growth rate of 4 centimeters every hour, you can see it grow with your own eyes! Bamboo plants are a very interesting, because these plants don’t grow new cells. They just get bigger, allowing the bamboo stalks to grow taller. This world record breaks others!

Diagram

I hope you enjoy these two diagrams. One of a flower, and the other is just a plant.

Goodbye!

I hope you enjoyed learning about these plants that live in the extremes. As you can see, plants are incredible creatures that do a lot to survive. Many of them are not extreme, but they do a lot to help the earth. And who knows? Maybe you’ll plant a garden!
