Did you know that about 100 million animal species live in the deep sea? There are some very interesting and rare deep sea predators. Some animals are even bioluminescent. Also some animals can live in the deepest part of the sea!

Predators of the deep sea
First of all, what predators live in the deep sea? Some of the interesting predators that live in the deep sea are the Vampire squid, Pelican eel, Fangtooth, Giant isopod, and Goblin shark. Some rare deep sea predators are Frilled Shark, and Pacific Viperfish. Predators are important to the deep sea because if there weren’t deep see predators there would be to much pray, and it’s bad if there is to much pray because they will eat all the plants and then there won’t be enough for all the pray to eat. So the pray will start dying off. Also some deep sea animals use bioluminescence to survive.

Bioluminiscent deep sea animals
Furthermore, bioluminescence helps animals survive the deep sea. It helps them because the deep sea is very dark and with bioluminescence the animals could not see which they could not hunt as well or if they are pray and they are bioluminescent it warns predators that they contain toxins in there boty, and that makes predators not able to eat them.

Some animals live in the deepest parts of the sea
In addition, animals can survive the deepest parts of the sea. You’re probably wondering how do the animals survive the pressure of the water? “To avoid the problem of pressure, many animals that live very deep in the ocean do not have any air spaces inside their bodies (e.g. the fish have oil-filled swim bladders or no swim bladders at all). This means the crushing pressure really doesn’t affect them.”scienceline.ucsb.edu/getkey.php?key=685. The deep sea begins at 200 meters below the ocean’s surface. Deep sea animals can amazingly survive the extreme pressure, but the animals can also survive the extreme cold water temper, the tempicher is 5 or below degrees Celsius.
	In conclusion, predators, bioluminescent animals, and animals living in the deepest part of the sea are all part of the deep sea. If you like these amazing deep sea cricurs you can look up lots of things about them, and maybe even find something you can do to help them.

Glossary
Bioloononesent: The emission of light by living organisms, such as fireflies, glowworms, and certain fish, jellyfish, plankton, fungi, and bacteria. It occurs when a pigment (usually luciferin) is oxidized without giving off heat. Although it is believed that bioluminescence is involved in animal communication, it’s function in many organisms has yet to be understood. Bioluminescence is a form if chemiluminescence. Compare chemiluminescence.

By:
