Acting

I am going to teach you about, and how to act.  You are going to learn what your body movements should be like, you are going to learn about the sounds you should make at the right times, and you are going to learn the face expressions you should make at the right times.  You are going to learn how to act.

If you are going to want to act, you need to know what your body movements should be like.  For example, if you are going to pretend to be scared, you are going to want to step back and look right at the thing you are scared of and have wide eyes.  For example, one time I was in an acting class and I just pretended that I was actually where I was pretending to be.  Also, when you are pretending to be very engaged in a conversation, you might want to take a step forward if you are telling a lot of useful things.  If you are pretending to be talking to someone and you are kind of scared of them then you stay away from them.  Remember to act like like you are actually where you are pretending to be.

You also need to make sounds when you are acting.  When you are acting you should use a high pitched voice sometimes when you want to or already are screaming.  You should also sometimes use a high pitched voice when you are pretending to be scared.  If you are pretending to be scared you should use quiet air from your lungs to make a whimpering scared noise.  You need to use a low pitched voice when you are pretending to be mad or very firm and confident.  You could also use a low pitched voice sometimes when you are pretending to give someone an insult.

Of course, if you are going to act you will want to know what face expressions you need to make at the right times.  For example, if you are scared you should have wide eyes and a face that looks nervous.  If you are pretending to be nervous because of someone, but you want to pretend that you pretending to be happy but you are actually nervous you should show a half smile and look down every once in awhile.  One time I was in an acting class and I pretended to be scared of someone so I had wide eyes to make myself look scared.  Also, when you are pretending to be keeping a secret and someone is talking about something you lied about and they don’t know you did you should just keep your mouth closed and look down just a little and don’t really acknowledge what the person is saying and just stand there.  Also, sometimes squint when you are pretending to try to see something or pretending the sun is in your eyes.

Now you have learned some things about, and how to act.  For example, you have learned about the body movements you should make, you have learned about the different sounds you should make, and you have learned about the face expressions you should make.  I hope you have learned a lot about acting.
