Dogs

Introduction
Did you know that there is 340 different dog breeds in the world?  Today I will be teaching you about dogs and how to adopt them and how to care for them, even how to exercise and feed.  If you don’t have a dog but you would like one or maybe even 2 or more.  Another ide is that if you already have a dog you might wanna think about getting another dog because dogs do get lonely.

Adoption
If you want to adopt a dog.  Pick the kind of dog you want.  You would like.  Then what you want to do is go to the animal shelter than once you are at the animal shelter you want to pick the puppy or dog that you would like and Are you looking to adopt a dog well if so the first step is to decide what kind of dog make sure that the one you pick is the one that you would like and then go up and go talk to the person at the front contour then ask them about the puppy or dog you have picked and then if you like all the answers then you would I would like to adopt that dog than they will hand you the puppy or dog and hold it and show it love.  And then you would pay the person and take the puppy or dog home and make sure that you show it a lot of love.

Space and big and small dogs
If you have a lot of space and would like a big dog than a good choice is a Greyhound or a Great dane.  But if a small house and would like a small dog than a good choice would be a chihuahua or a cairn terrier.  But if you need more space than what I think you should you should do is proplary move or get a smaller dog.

Feeding
If you have any questions about dog food then go to Places to go if you have questions about dog food.  Make sure that your dog has dog food that is good for them and their age and breed.  And make sure do only feed your dog, dog food.  And also make sure that you buy the kind of dog food that makes them strong.

Exercise
If your dog is too skinny than it could get sick and if your dog is too fat then it could get sick.  And make sure that you walk your dog every day at the same time.  And don’t forget that you need to make it look like any other dog.

Conclion
I hope that you enjoyed this book about dogs and how to exercise them and to geed them and even the steps to adopt them.  I really do love dogs.  Now that you read my book you should go and get a dog.
