Amazing Insects
All about bug things you may not know

Intro
What do you think about when you hear “Insect?”  Eww, right?  This is going to change eww to ooh!  There are beetles and bees.  They eat a variety of food.  Some even go through a metamorphosis.  And you’ll learn where some live.  Now, get read-y, get set, and LET’S BUT OUT!

Species
To start, in total, there are about 350,000 kinds of insects.  There are Ladybugs, Rhinoceros beetles, and a whole bunch of others.  Here’s a link to look at some different types: https://www.britannica.com/topic/list-of-beetles-2072991  Anyways, beetles are big and small.  The smallest beetles are called feather-winged beetles.  Their size is about 0.25 mm!  Crazy, right?  One of the biggest beetles is the giant long-horned beetle with a length of 16-21 CM!

Some kinds of beetles, since there are so many, just eat every kind of food.  The others feed on things like plants, dead or alive, other insects, some scavenge, and some even eat your own blood!

Next is bees.  Bees are in a group called pollinators.  Pollinators don’t only feed on nectar.  They get pollen stuck on their legs and spread it.  This helps things grow.  When you see a beehive, you mainly just run away because you don’t want to bee stung.  Well, you may also run away from 1 bee.  But, have you ever wondered the bees do?  Queen: The queen is the leader.  She lays the eggs and runs the whole hive.  DON’T COMPLAIN MOMS!  Workers: Only females everyone!  They forage for the food, AKA pollen, and nectar.  They protect the hive and are the only ones you’ll see flying outside.  Drones: Hello males!  They need to mate with any new queen.  Also, for some weird reason, drones are kicked out in winter.

Habitat
Insects are really adaptive animals.  They live on every single environment on earth.  They live in place from deserts to rainforests.  Now, if they can live anywhere, do some live in the arctic?  Actually yes.  Bees, wasps, plant lice, butterflies, moths, mosquitoes, and flies all live in the arctic circle.  But are bugs really important to the food chain?  Well, animals that mainly feed on insects my die of starvation because they don’t have food to eat.  Also, plants that rely on pollinators like bees, will die away.  So, since bugs are important, next time you see a bug in your house, let it out.  If you see a bug outside, leave it alone.

Metamorphosis
Stage one and three of the metamorphosis are not really exciting.  Most insects go through a metamorphosis.  If they do, they all start with an egg  Not much to say.  The second stage is the larvae.  They eat and eat and eat and eat…  The next state is the pupa.  It also sits and does nothing like the egg.  The last stage is the adult.  It is the ladybug, butterfly, or whatever you see.

Conclusion
Now you now a lot about insects.  Now come on and change that eew to that OHH!
