Global Warming’s effect on animals

Not Fun Fact

Sometimes animals like bears are forced to eat in dumpsters in order to stay alive.

Did you know that almost 33% of animals on Earth are threatened to extinction? The cause of this is Global Warming. Global Warming is the warming of our atmosphere. How Global Warming effects these animals is by destroying their shelter, kills their food sources, and causing more destructive natural disasters. There are many ways that we can help.

In the forest, global warming destroys animal shelters and destroying trees by causing them to die from thirst. Global warming also increases the chances of Forest fires which will affect many animal habitats. Just so you know, by cutting down trees for houses or for other uses, we release co2 that the tree absorbed. In the Arctic, global warming melts its ice, strands animals, and rigged some food chains in the Arctic already. For example, polar bears feast on seals, but global warming kills the polar bears, then the seals get overpopulated and eat more and more fish, that also means that there is less food in the ocean for predators that prey on fish, this also goes for other animals in the Arctic. In the Ocean, co2 poisons the water and kills fish, global warming is also causing the destruction of coral reefs, the ocean has already lost ⅓ of its coral reefs which will endanger the species that depend on the coral to survive.

All animals can’t survive without food but global warming destroys the animals’ food sources. Like I already mentioned, global warming destroys coral that fish depend on for food and shelter, this will effect sharks, dolphins, tigers, wolves, etc. this will shorten all of those animals listed above food sources. The forest is where most Herbivores are and Carnivores that prey on them, how global warming effects both of them is it destroys food producing plants that animals depend on(us too!) which will starve the herbivores which will kill the food that the carnivores eat.

Global warming doesn’t just make natural disasters appear more often, but it makes them more destructive. For example, natural disasters such as hurricanes and tsunamis that form on water kill many animals in the ocean. Other natural disasters like forest fires and tornados that form on ground kill lions, elephants, and other animals that you might love. In the artic, is were heat waves(heat tempetures that the animals in the artic are not use to) frys animals and melts the ice. 
Where are some ways to help slow down global warming and help the animals Walk, bike, skateboard, or take a bus instead of using a car, plant trees and other plants(plants and trees absorb co2), carpool(burn less gas), use LED light bulbs(save more energy than regular light bulbs), use rechargeable batteries(less E-waste), bring cloth bags instead of paper or plastic(plastic fills up landfills and paper is made by cutting down trees which releases the carbon dioxide that is in that tree), don’t forget the 3 green R’s(reduce, reuse, recycle)

And most importantly… … … Spread the word to SAVE THE ANIMALS

As you can see, global warming effects animals, their food, and habitats, and the danger levels of natural disaters for them. You know that if we continue this rate of climate change, animals might face extinction and we might be one of them.
Glossory

Extinction: the state or process of a species, family, or larger group being or becoming extinct.
Atmosphere: the envelope of gases surrounding the earth or another planet.
CO2: Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless gas found in our atmosphere. Its chemical formula is CO2, which means it is one carbon atom bonded to two oxygen atoms. Itis a waste product in our bodies and is also produced by burning fossil fuels.
Herbivores: an animal that feeds on plants.
Carnivores: an animal that feeds on meat.
