The vietnam war

Introduction

Do you have a family member who has been in the vietnam war? Well I do not. Do day you are going to learn about the vietnam war. Vietnam is an country in asia by Thailand. Did you know, the vietnam war was one of 2nd longest war for America. Let me tell all about the vietnam war and remember, never ever judge a book by it's cover. New let's get in to the jungle.

Countries that fought in the war.

During the vietnam war there were some countries and it wasn't just america or vietnam. Let me tell you about the countries that fought in the vietnam war. On the allies it was, France, some of the UK, South Korea, Pillapens resistance, America, south vietnam. On the enemy's was, North Korea, Support from the soviet union, Viet Kong, North Vietnam. The countries on the enemy were all the conimest, Conumest means that your mostly owned by the government and have to do labor all day. The countries that had communism was all of the enemies.

military.

North vietnam was a really strong country and had really good military skills, like the suicide attack it's where you strap a mine to your chest and go charging at the enemy and when they bump into something, they blow up! While in the vietnam war, army's started a hole new war, rather than sticking to the same thing, they used guerilla tactics. New weapons were used during the vietnam war, like m16, m60, ak-47, m14, svt-41. New vehicles were invented like the helicopter. America had lots of great military but with heavy deaths's it was hard for america to battle. You maybe wondering, why are you saying south and north vietnam. Well let me tell you, North of vietnam wanted concession but the south did not want coumession.

defeat.

During the vietnam war, America was defeated. America was beat because are 37th president Richard Nixon said" we show no longer be in this war, because it is to dangerous and we are losing to many people" He then started to pull troops from vietnam out of the war. Vietnam is now a communist country, because of america. After all the american troops were pulled out, South vietnam was keeping the war going for 2 months before getting taken over by north vietnam.

Conclusion

Well now you know what happened in the vietnam war. But that's not all, get off those phones and go outside and learn what's around you, you an also study more on the vietnam war. Bye now, I need to go tell my grandkids stories from the war. Bye.
