Australian Shepherds


Introduction
	Do you need a dog that can work for you but also play with the extra work energy it has? If so, this is the perfect dog for you. Yes, I said you! If you do think of getting this dog ever in your lifetime, this book can tell you many things of how to take great care of a Australian Shepherd. In order to know the basics about this dog, you will need to know a good meal for it, its outer beauty, and maybe even a question that many people ask like, why is it named that.

	Who knows, maybe this book will inspire you to become a Shepherd expert.

What can this dog do?
Play with you
Work outside
Always be alert
Helping around the house
Etc. (Much more!)

This Aussie is outside, panting from working hard or running around on possibly a walk or just running around for fun.

A Good Meal
	“Chomp, chomp!” That’s the sound of an Australian Shepherd eating a good  meal after all of its hard work in the fields. There are many food to choose for these majestic dogs. One good and healthy food for these Shepherds are wet food. Australian Shepherds tend to love this type of food because of the wetness, but if you are the person who wants to clean up their dog bowl because it smells bad or you just want to clean it in general, it won’t be super hard but it will turn into a mess in your sink or trash can. If you get dry dog food, these dogs will eat this food for sure if their hungry. It’s best to get grain-free fry dog food for them and its not alot healthier. The dry dog food puppys like a lot too plus its not as big as a mess. These food are both very good and healthy for the dogs, but dog treats are also great for them! There are many different kinds of dog treats, some even very unhealthy for certain breeds. Next time you go to the store to get dog food for your Australian Shepherd, I recommend to look what’s in the food. If there are no ingredients on the container/bag, you probably shouldn’t get it. Or if there are a bunch of ingredients that sound unhealthy to dogs, don’t get it. 

Make sure your Shepherd can munch on something food for them next time you buy them there food.


Outer Beauty 
Gorgeous Aussies on the inside, but also on the outside. How do they look though? Well, many Aussies (Aussie means Australian Shepherd) look very similar, but there are things that look different about them like their height, eyes, and possibly even coat colors. Male Australian Shepherds are commonly 20 to 23 inches tall to the shoulder, while female Aussies are often 18 to 22 inches tall to the shoulder. These dogs aren't the biggest, but also not the smallest. Many people just say that their medium sized dogs, not exact height. 
Aussies also have perdant ears (ears that go up) and a bobtail. A lot of dogs get their normal tails cut off the get bobtails, but not this dog! Their bobtails and perdant ears match very perfectly with their coat colors. The well known coat colors of the Aussies are black, gray, white, and tan. But, those colors are only for the Blue Aussie, there are different coat colors and also for their eyes. These different types of Australian Shepherds still do look very similar so people will know, but they just have color differences. Black Aussies normally have brown eyes and Red Aussies have either amber eyes or blue and amber eyes. But of course, there are many more types of Aussies with many different eye colors a coat colors. Are you the one who will research about the types of Aussies and what their beauty is? 


Why is it Named That? 
A very common question, that many ask, that many wonder and think of everyday. Why is it named that? Well, there are many theories that people think, and nobody actually knows the real answer to that question, but a theory that hundreds and maybe thousands of people have is this. 
Australian Shepherds are named Australian because they have a blue merle pattern (blue eyes) similar many dogs brought over from Australia to America; thus, because of the color pattern, they were simply called "Australian" as so many other dogs were that had the blue merle. 
This explains and hopefully answers the mysterious question of, "Why is it named that?". 

Conclusion
Meals, outer beauty, and even the reason to its name. What more could you ask for? You now might be an intermediate at this breed of dogs and could maybe become advanced if you practice enough! Could you be the one, who will answer the unknown of these dogs? If you don't think so,  I want you to try. 

Maybe, like I said at the beginning, are you inspired because of these dogs?




 
