Wolves
Did you know that a wolves are the largest member of the dog family? Wolves communicate through howling and body language, work together in a pack, and are a endangered species. According to source 2, “The wolves’ communication skills are very important to the pack’s survival.”

Communication
	Wolves communicate through body language and howling. According to source 2, “Wolves communicate with more than howls. They whimper and whine, growl and bark, yelp and snarl.” Their howls can mean different things too, according to source 1, called, “About the Gary wolf,” “A lone wolf howls to attract the attention of his pack, while communal howls may send territorial messages from one pack to another. When wolves use their body language to communicate it might remind you of a dog. “According to source 2, “When a wolf wants to play, it prances about happily and bows--lowering the front of its body while its rump stays up in the air with its tail wagging. When it’s angry, a wolf may furrow its forehead, show its fangs, or growl.” All of these things help a wolf to communicate.

Packs
	Wolves work together in a pack. According to source 2, “Wolves live in groups called packs. A pack is a family of 7-8 wolves with a mom, dad, and offspring.” To get food wolves work together. According to source 1, “These social animals cooperate on their preferred prey--large animals such as deer, elk, and moose.” They do not always stay in the same pack though. According to source 2, “Young wolves stay in their parents’ pack for at least two years before some of them take off to join other packs or to start their own.” Packs are very important.

Endangered
	According to source 2, “In some areas, gray wolves are classified as endangered, but in most places, they are seen to have healthy population numbers.” Wolves don’t attack humans, but in fairy tails they can be evil. According to source 1, “They do attack domestic animals, and countless wolves have been shot, trapped, and poisoned because of this tendency.” According to source 3 called. “Threats to Wolves,’ “Thousands of wolves have been killed in the region.”

	In conclusion wolves communicate through howling and body language, work together in a pack, and are a endangered species. According to source 1, “Wolves are legendary because of their spine-tingling howl.”

Glossary
Comunal: between different communities, especially those having different religions or ethnic origins.
Offspring: an animal’s young.
Classified:arranged in classes or categories.
