Did you know that the fastest nitro funny car record is 337.66 mph? Nitro funny cars are super powerful because they have nitro in the tank, because they have 10,000 horsepower, and most of all because they have brave drivers.

One reason Nitro funny cars are super powerful is that they have the biggest engine out of any car. Even though they are scary looking, they are the best and fastest motorsport in the world. Also they have a 10,000 horsepower engine which is insane to think about. To add on they have changed overtime the engines have made way more horsepower, they have way different speeds and horsepower.

Another reason Nitro funny cars are super powerful is that they have 10 to 11,000 horsepower. Continuously, they are SO loud they can shake you anywhere you are they're so powerful. Also did you know that the fastest nitro funny car run was shattered by robert hight at 337.66 MPH! According to google search. My second evidence for that is they are the fastest thing on the planet that's how fast they even are. To add on those cars can pull a 4 to 5 g-force which is big on your body. My third evidence for that is drag racing is scary and exciting to watch. Drag racing is scary, awesome, and frightening at the same time.

Although nitro funny cars are super powerful because they have massive motors and because they run on two of the fastest fuels especially nitro funny cars are super powerful because the tires they have are super grippy. To begin with, the 2 fuels they run on are either aucohaule, or nitromethane. My second evidence for that is i learn alot from my grandpa because he raced in his career, so i learn alot from him In conclusion nitro funny cars are super powerful because they have the fastest accelerating engine on earth, they have huge motors, and most of all, because they have 10,000 horsepower. I think that nitro funny cars are the best funny car out of the two because the other one the regular funny car has the two main fuels. The question leaving you guys thinking about is: would you go out to a drag race and have your body being shook by those engines? Also having to wear ear muffs to keep your ear drums from being blown out by the sounds, and looking at the flames coming from the exhaust pipes, and being frightened by the engine exploding and swerving all over the track?
