Soccer

Did you know that over 300,000,000 people play soccer? Soccer has existed since December 19th, 1855. The objective of soccer is more than just scoring goals. You also need to know all the positions in soccer.

The History of Soccer
	Soccer has been around for over 200 years. It has evolved from kicking a leather ball into a full-on real soccer ball. When soccer was first made the rules were pretty much just no tripping and you cannot touch the ball with your hands. But then it kept evolving and the rules became more serious and more sophisticated. For example, the penalty kick was introduced in 1891!

The Objective of Soccer
	The objective of soccer is definitely a lot more than just trying to score goals. For example, your trying to pass the ball up the field to your teammates who try to kick the ball into the goal. Then the other team brings it to the half field and has kickoff which gives them the ball, and then they try to score a goal against your goal. But then there’s the goalie so he will try to block the goal with his hands. (the goalie is the only one who can use his hands.) Then after half time you will switch sides and try to score on the other goal. After the game is over the team with the most goals wins the game.

The Positions of Soccer
	The positions in soccer very hard to learn only because there’s a lot of them. Forwards (Centre forward, Second striker, and Winger.) Forwards and strikers are the ones that go up towards the other team’s goals and try to score a goal. Midfield(Centre midfield, Defensive midfield, Attacking midfield, Wide midfield.) Midfielders are doing both defense and offense for there team. Defender (Centre-back, Sweeper, Full-back, Wing-back.) Defense will keep the other team out of there side so the other team can’t score on them. Lastly, the goalkeeper who will make sure that none of the balls that the other team shoots at him go in the goal.
	Soccer has existed since December 19th, 1855. The objective of soccer is more than just scoring goals. You also need to know all the positions in soccer. Now go out there and play some soccer!
