February 27. 2019 
Info. On-Demand 
San Luis Obispo History 

Introduction 
Did you know that The Chumash native american tribe traded often with other tribes? Did you know that San Luis Obispo got its name from mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa? Did you know that San Luis Obispo used to be a part of Mexico? All of this is because of San Luis Obispo's history. Without these happenings of history, San Luis Obispo wouldn't be the way people know it today. Read on to learn about the Chumash tribe, the Mission period, and the Rancho period. 

The Chumash  
The Chumash tribe was very resourceful. Whenever this tribe killed an animal, or picked natural plants, they tried to use up every resource from it. They built houses made of wooden frames from willow trees. They then covered these frames with long strands of tulle. The Chumash wore deerskin skirts and robes in the winter, and wore tulle skirts in the summer. Consequently, the climate never bothered them. The Chumash women would gather fruits and berries, while the Chumash men would hunt rabbits, deer, and fish. To hunt fish, They built redwood canoes called tomols. These tomols were usually 8-30 feet long. The tribe relied on this, for aquatic organisms were an important part if their diet. The Chumash diet usually consisted of fish, shellfish, deer, berries, seeds, birds, rabbits, and acorns. They would mash the acorns to make a flour, which they would then use to cook breads, soups, and mushes. 

The mission Period 
In the 1700's and the 1800's Spain wanted to settle Alta California to convert, or change, the beliefs of the native americans. They did this by building missions (Spanish settlements used as churches). When the 5th mission was founded in San Luis Obispo, it changed the lives of the Chumash greatly. The Spanish government bribed the tribe by promising food, shelter, and clothing to come and live at the mission. Some natives needed all of these items, and so they lived at the mission. Natives who tried to escape the mission got beaten. A native that had lived at a nearby mission explains what daily mission life is like. "Every morning at sunrise, I wake up to the sound of church bells. All of the mission families hurry off to church, where Priests lead us in prayers. After church, we go home to breakfast. We eat tortillas, fruit, and milk. After breakfast, I go to school or work in fields. We rest after lunch and more prayers. At the end of the day, we eat supper and have more prayers, than finally rest. Sometimes the Spaniards are cruel to us, and at other times I'm just glad to be within mission walls." 

The Rancho Period  
When Mexico broke away from Spain and won independence, California became a part of Mexico. The mission period then ended, because most missions were secularized. This means that the mission lands were given away to Mexican citizens. The Mexican citizens then turned these lands into ranchos. A rancho is a huge plot of land owned by powerful people, usually used to raise animals and grow crops to sell for money. The men that owned ranchos were called rancheros, and the woman who owned ranchos were called rancheros. These people hired the native americans to work in the fields, but the native americans didn't get rewarded for their deeds. The rancho period ended when California finally won it's independence back. 

Conclusion 
AII in all, San Luis Obispo has gone through a lot of history points to be the way it is today. Studying this topic made me think that history can be very important for it is always the reason behind why we live the way we live. Today if you want to learn more about this subject further, you can visit some San Luis Obispo history landmarks.




