All about dinosaurs 

Dinosaurs were never cute, cuddly, or nice, but based on some scientific evidence, we have learned that they can be vicious. There are over 700 different types of dinosaurs. And each one of these dinosaurs lived in one of four different eras of the dinosaur time. There are many theories about how and why the dinosaurs became extinct. 
First, there were many different types of dinos. One of the most famous dinosaurs was the Tyrannosaurus Rex. This dinosaur was the king of all dinosaurs. Based on scientific evidence it would grow to be 15 or 20 feet tall and its mass would be 13,000 to 32,000 lb! This dinosaur is in a lot of movies for its size and its vicious attitude. Another famous dinosaur is the Velociraptor. Also based on more scientific evidence it as said that it was "0.5 meters tall", "2 meters long", and it weighed "15 kilograms". And both of these dinosaurs were carnivores. One othee dinosaur is the Sauroposeidon. The tallest dinosaur in the world! Based on more scientific evidence it was 20 to 23 feet high, it's length was 92 to 110 feet long, and it weighed 100,000 to 120,000 lb! 

Second, there were three main eras that the dinosaurs lived in. One example is the Triassic period.The Triassic period was "248 to 206 million years ago". In the Triassic period a massive disaster happened. The disaster wiped out 90% of earth's species. A couple years later the population began to regrow of different species, and more sea creatures came into the water. And dinosaurs started to appear more on land. The second period is the Cretaceous Period. It was "146 to 65 million years ago" In this time the land masses were the same as right now, but the continents were splitting up a d the ocean was filing in the cracks. And the dinosaurs were evolving. And different types of new birds came along. Lastly the Jurassic period. It started "208 to 146 million years ago." at this time the earth was rapidly breaking up and forging mountains. The Dinosaurs were evolving more and becoming taller and bigger. 

Third, there were many different ways how the dinosaurs  went extinct. One example is the volcano. When volcanoes erupted the lava would oze out of the volcano and burn all living life Including the dinosaurs, plants, and trees. And all the smoke would glog up the sky then the dinosaurs could not get fresh air and breath. Another reason why the dinosaurs went extinct was asteroids. When an asteroids hit the earth it could've hit some of the dinosaurs in the area. Then it would send dirt, plants, and dust flying then it would clog up the air then they would have no fresh air. And since it came down on the atmosphere really fast it would be covered in flames then it would hit the earth and put it in flames. 


Lastly, There is still a lot about dinosaurs we don't know about. There could be a new different dinosaur. Or something could've happened in one of the eras we don't already know about. Or maybe there was a different thing that made the dinosaurs go extinct. Based on some scientific evidence scientists found out that the T Rex dinosaur evolved into a chicken? So that basically means that dinosaurs are still living with us. 



