OCEAN 

INTRODUCTION 
Have you ever been to the ocean if you haven't you should read this. The ocean has different animal and different stuff. The ocean is a humongous place,and did you know that the world is half covered of water. So the world is like a island but it isn't a island. Scientist don't consider it a island it's more like a subcontinent. 

Different animals
In the sea there different animals for example fish,clown fish, great white shark hammerhead shark, starfish, killer whale, sea horse, crabs, ,blue whale, sea lions and squid but many more. There thousand and thousand of sea creatures in the ocean can be so dangerous that maybe they could be a sign that says beware of sharks or jellyfish.The ocean is way deeper than you thought they can even be more different animals that we have not discovered. A long time ago there was a dinosaur whale that lived underwater 65 million years ago but it got extinct

Sharks 
When your at the ocean or beach they might be a sign that says beware of sharks. Sharks are bloodthirsty animal if you bleed of have a cut and if like scuba diving Beware because sharks can smell from miles away. Sharks don't have bones because there mostly jiggling in the water. Most sharks have the best eyesight and There skin feels like sandpaper. Did you know that sharks were here for 425 million years ago. 

Jellyfish 
Jellyfish are dangerous animals they sting and if you have a kid thats get stung it could instant kill them but if your a adult it can cause deaf or really bad injure. People think that just a jellyfish sting is not that bad but it can kill you. A group Of jellyfi is called a bloom , smack or swarm. The box jellyfish is really painful it can kill you. Jellyfish it plankton and different kind of plankton they eat plants. Did you know that some jellyfish even eat other jellyfish!

CONCLUSION 
Now you know about the ocean you should go visit it , or you can go scuba,diving, jet skiing or Water jets it's when you are connected to a rope that has water jets that you trying to balance. Thank you for reading my essay now you should know about the ocean more. There's cool stuff that you can learn from the ocean. You should go fishing to eat fish,shark,squid or whatever you like there all good. 


