Swimming
	Did you know that swimming is a water sport? It is a sport that you can get stronger after every stroke you do. You can also race opponents in swim meets or do practice racing. Today, you will learn about what equipment you need(gear) You will also learn where do you practice. Lastly, you will learn about knowing two famous swimmers.
	First of all, you will learn about what equipment youj will need. You don't need that much gear but you still need some equipment. You need a swimsuit and goggles. The other equipment is optional(kickboard, swim cap, fins, snorkel, hand paddles and a pool(the one that fits between your legs). You also need to find a pool to use all of your equipment.
	Then, you will now learn where to swim. If your wondering where to swim, pools can be both indoors and outdoors. Here are some examples where the pools are; Sinsheimer, Arroyo Grande High School, Kennedy Fitness, 5 Cities Drive, Atascadero, and many other places. Some places can teach you to swim, while others can have ou swim, whatever you need to.
	Lastly, you will learn about two really famous swimmers. One is Michael Phelps. He is the most famous swimmer because in the Olympics before the last couple of years in the Olympics before he retired, Michael Phelps won EIGHT first places which was gold medals. One time, his goggle leaked and still broke the World Record. That was crazy!!!!!!! Michael Phelps was representing our country, which is United States of America. The other famous swimmer is Sun Yand. He represents for China. He is only good on freestyle which is a stroke, and he mostly wins races in the Olympics for long distances such as 400 meter freestyle, 800 meter freestyle, and the mile swim(1500 meters) in freestyle. That's kind of pretty good.
	Now you've learned about swimming. Now let's remember what you've leaned. You have learned about what gears you need. You have also learned about where to swim. Lastly, you have learned about the two famous swimmmers. So just remember what you have learned so far.

