Gray Wolves

Did you know that wolves mark their territory with urine?! What do you know about these forest creatures? I will be telling you about where gray wolves live, what they eat, and how they were endangered. Prepare to test your knowledge with this report!

Where They Live

In a dark forest in Alaska a rustling noise can be heard. What is this mysterious sound? Suddenly, a gray wolf leaves into view!

Gray wolves can be found all over the Northern Hemisphere. Most of these animals are located around Canada, Alaska, Asia, Greenland, and sometimes Europe. Furthermore, these predators have warm coats for the cold places in which they live. Gray wolves need this habitat because of their diet. Most of the prey they hunt live in cold environments.

Words To Know

Predators: an animal that preys on others.
Environment: the conditions in which a plant or animal operates
Diet: what an animal/person usually eats

What They Eat

A deer grazes on some fresh grass. But with one quick leap, a wolf pounces on it! It licks its lips, as it tears apart its catch.

Many gray wolves love to snack on deer, moose, and elk. They also can consume lizards, snakes, birds, and fruit. In fact, they are willing to eat 20 pounds of meat in one meal! These carnivores will roam 12 miles to find food! They also swim in lakes to catch fish and other various creatures. 

Words To Know

Consume: eat, drink, or ingest (food or drink)
Carnivore: an animal that feeds on meat or/and flesh

How They Were Endangered

The sound of a gunshot cracks the morning air. A gray wolf falls to its side. Men run towards the wolf…

Wolves barely ever attack humans, however, they are still considered one of nature’s fiercest predators. Millions of wolves were being abused in the form of shooting, poisoning, and trapped because of this reason. In 48 of the lower states, solves were threatened to extinction. Luckily, multiple wolf packs survived, and other spreaded.

I hope you enjoyed reading this research report. Wolves are very impressive creatures, and they accomplish a lot to survive. As you can see, it is important to wolves to live where they live, to eat what they do, and no longer able to become extinct. And who knows? Maybe you’ll become a wolf expert!!!
