All About Gray Wolves

Did you know that baby gray wolves would play games like Hide and go seek and tag to pass time? The gray wolves have all sorts of different ways of how they behave. From howling at the moon to watching their young. They have all sorts of different types of food that they eat like moose and lizards. They lives all over the world from europe to, alaska to, canada, and sometimes in deserts!

The Gray Wolf behavior

First, the gray wolf behaves in many different ways. The gray wolves communicate more than just howling they snarl, yelp, bark, whimper, whine, and growl. They can also communicate through body language. If a wolf is feeling confident it’s ears will be pointing straight up with it’s head and tail held high and approach a wolf. If a wolf is not feeling confident “it’s body will be sinking low, with its ears down with it’s head down and their tail through the wolf’s legs.” When a gray wolf howls their howl can be heard from 10 miles away! They howl more and more when the moon is full. The gray wolf usually howls when it’s warning its pack of danger or when it’s calling another pack.

What The Gray Wolves Eat

Second, the gray wolf eats a lot of different things for example, elk, deer, beavers, rabbits, and fruit. Some of the wolves would go hunting while some of the other gray wolves would watch their young and protect them. When the gray wolves found prey they would surround the animal and bite it until it stopped moving. Then the gray wolves would come back with it and feed it to their baby’s and to other gray wolves. Sometimes they would find a dead animal that already had been killed by another animal and still eat it. But other times they would just look for fruit and kill some lizards.

Were The Gray Wolves Live

Third, the gray wolves live in many different places. They live in alaska, Yellowstone, europe, canada, deserts, and the northern rockies. In the northern rockies the gray wolves used to have not a lot of gray wolves left in the northern rockies. Until Central Idaho and Yellowstone National Park started protecting the gray wolves. It took a long time to make people stop killing gray wolves. In alaska they have a lot of gray wolves. In fact it has the biggest population out of the entire united states! Just like Yellowstone National park had shooting problems alaska did to. But they would shoot the gray wolves for fun and for bounty. But this eventually stopped and the gray wolves appeared more.

Lastly, Gray wolves are always behaving in different ways. And always hunting for food. And they live all over the world! If gray wolves went extinct the population of their prey would go higher and higher! If you are going to alaska, canada, europe, or Yellowstone National park. Look out for a gray wolf!
