The Civil War

	Did you know that the Civil War was one of the deadliest wars in AMerican history fought solely in America?  The Civil War began for many reasons, and life for a soldier was very challenging. There were nearly 10,500 battles fought in different parts of the country.

Why the Civil War Started
	There were many causes of the civil war one of the main reasons was slavery. One of the reasons the Civil War started was because of the uncompromising differences betwen free states and slave states.And how the sough wanted to take slavery into the western territoties while the North was committed to keeping white labor alone. "While the north no longer needed slaves the south relied heavily upon slaves for their way of life."from (Causes of the Civil War Ducksters).

Life As A Soldier
	The life of a soldier was very challending in the Civil War. FOr a soldier a normal day was full of hardships for example poor clothing, hunger, bad weather, and being bored in between battles. A typical day would be they would wake at dawn and did drills in the morning and in the afternoon they would practice for battle in the afternoon. They mostly ate hardtack a type of hard crackers and sometimes they would get to eat salt pork or corn meal. A three stare general would get paid over $700 a month, a private in the union made $13 a month, while the soldiers in the Confederate get paid $11 a month and sometimes had to wait 6 months to get paid. 

Different Battles
	The first battle bull run was the first major engagement.This battle was on land and was near the city of Manassas,Virgina on July 21, 1861. The 5 most important battles wore the battle of bull run, the battle of GLorieta. Pass, the battle of Antietam, the battle of Gettysburg, and the Siego of Vicksburg. In the battle of Bull RUn, the union forces were doing well until the reinforcements came for the south. The army started gaining land and then the Union forces started to flee. 

Conclusion
	In conclusion, the Civil War was a very deadly battle in american history. The Civil War started for many different reasons, and life for a soldier was full of hardships. Also, there were many battles fought in the CIvil War. And we don't want it to happen again.
