Dogs
	Dogs can help you in tough moments when your struggling. Dogs are also a good way to learn responsibility. May additional reason for this is, that dogs are good to have by your side because it shows how to take good care of them. Also, teaches you how to be responsible, and most of all, because you can learn to train them and the amount of food to give them. One reason that dogs help you with responsibility is that it shows you to take good care of them. For example, in the text Can dogs teach kids responsibility? Pet MD it says that you learn how to take good care of and animal also by always playing fetch that also helps you. Adding to this, is that there's a way to to make it more of a privilege than a chore, you can play and it can teach you good thing for the future. Lastly, how it helps kids learn to have fun while taking good care of them is that you can always teaching them new things in the way.

Another reason that you can take care of them is that you can give them fresh water. An example for this is, that you can give them fresh water to keep your dog healthy and hydrated because no one wants an  unhealthy dog. My second reason is, that it is ok to give them water, but you have to be careful with the water you give them because it might not be fine for you dog to drink it might have some  stuff your dog can't drink so you have to be careful, they can still drink the water you give them if it's ok for them to drink, so just an idea you can give them some fresh water. My last example, is that you can play with them every day, as I said in my first reason I said that it also helps you playing with them, what I mean by that is that it helps you in also going outside and exercising with your pet by that you should go play with your dog instead of staying inside all the time you should akshay try to try new things with your dog.

Although you can learn new things with your dog and because you can have good times with them especially because it helps you learn to take good responsibility.

In conclusion, dogs can teach you responsibility because you can show that in the future you can maybe get a job that includes responsibility, and get
