	Did you know that guinea pigs can run up to 5.5 mph? Guinea pigs are the best pet. Guinea pigs are the best pet because you get to play with them, they eat your vegetables, and most of all, because they are a big responsibility.

	One reason that guinea pigs are the best pet is that you get to play with them. First of all, you will have to be fast to get them as I said before they can go 5.5 mph. That is fast when you are inside and trying to catch your guinea pig. Additionally, they always love to play with you and they are so active and they love to play on obstacle courses. For example, if you make a little hertel they would try and might jump over it like a horse. And they also love going in and through tunnels back and forth. In addition, you can even play with a guinea pigs even when you are sick this is because they can not catch human viruses. That is a good thing because when you are sick and do not no what to do when you are sick and you have a guinea pigs play with them.

	Another reason that guinea pigs are the best pet is that they eat all of your vegetables. First of all, guinea pigs can eat about 27 different types of fruit and vegetables. That is a lot of different types of food that one little rodent can eat. Additionally, most of the time for you kids out there any vegetable that you do not eat it is most likely a guinea can eat it for you. Sometimes guinea pigs are healthier than you are. In addition, did you know that guinea pigs always have food stored right in their mouth? You can tell by when they have been in your lap for a long time without food you can hear them chewing on something and that something is food.

	Although guinea pigs are the best pet because you get to play with them and because they eat your vegetables especially guinea pigs are the best pet because they are a big responsibility. First of all, you have to keep their cage clean so you have to clean it at least 3 time a month. And you also want to keep them clean so every time you clean their cage you should give them a bath. Additionally, they only have a lifespan of 4-8 years so enjoy all of your time together. The oldest guinea pig ever was 14 years old! That is almost double the years they are expected to live. In addition, you will need enough food and water for them to live. Guinea pigs eat 6 hours a day so you need enough food for them and enough water.

	In conclusion, guinea pigs are the best pet because you get to play with them, they eat all your vegetables, and most of all, they are a big responsibility. I think guinea pigs are the best pet to ever have. Would you want to have a guinea pig as a pet?
