Gymnastics

Did you want to learn about gymnastics then you should read my book. Did you know that gymnastics was made in 1881 that was about 4,000 years ago. I'm going to teach you about, Who created gymnastics, Why gymnastics was made, The events of gymnastics, The differents levels of gymnastics, and competition.

Who made gymnastics
Friedrich Ludwig Jahn was the creator of gymnastics. He was born on August 11, 1778 and died on October 15, 1852. He died when he was 74, so he basically lived a fool life. He went to the University of Greifswald he went there to study theology and philology. He was born in Lanz Brandenburg, Prussia. He did not have a family.

Why was gymnastics created
Gymnastics was made so people can be active, have fun, and learn how to do skills.  Gymnastics was made was made because, after a war  Friedrich country's amy , he came up with a idea so he started to work. Until he came up with all the events for gymnastics.

All the events in gymnastics
There are events in gymnastics there are, Uneven Bars, Beam, Vault, and Floor, Rings, Parallel bars, Pommel horse, and Horizontal Bar, Women and Men usually do different events. Like the boys do, Floor, rings, parallel bars, horizontal bars, pommel horse, vault. They do different things like at my gymnastics the boys practice a lot at all their different events.

The different levels in gymnastics
There are ten different levels in gymnastisc there is, level 1, level 2, level 3, level 4, level 5, level 6, level 7, level 8, level 9, and level 10.  Level 10 is the highest level there is in gymnastics, they also do the hardest things, for example, they do double backflips, front twist, back twist, and double front flips.  In all the levels you do different things. For example level 1 is the first level there is, level 1 you are just learning the basics.

Competition
In gymnastics you have to go to competition if you in a level, but if you are not in a level then you don't have to go to competition. Competition can be hard, but sometimes it can be easy. It;s hard because there are other teams from different gymnastics, it makes it hard because you are all competing against each other first place of second place, nobody really wants third place.

Conclusion
Now that you know about gymnastics maybe you would consider trying it out. I taught you about , Who made gymnastics was created, All the events in gymnastics, All of the levels in gymnastics, and Competition.

2nd floor(216)
stairs
where everyone else is walking
