Fed. 27, 2019
Info. On-Demand
How to do an Aerial

Introduction

	Did you know Aerials are no handed cartwheels? In this essay, you will learn how to get Started, The Approach, and Drills.  So go get a soft mat and read on to find out how to do an Aerial.

Starting

The first thing you will do when you're doing gymnastics, or the Ariel, is stretch. You can stretch your ankles, wrists, back, and shoulders.  If you are trying a Aerial, then you should have a solid cartwheel.  If you don;t, then you should not try the Aerial just ye.  (work on a cartwheel first. )  When you finished stretching and doing some cartwheels, then be ready to work on Aerials.

The Approach
	The first thing in attempting an Aerial is to do a dive cartwheel.  It's basically a cartwheel but you jump to your hands and then finish the cartwheel normally.  After you've mastered the dive cartwheel, you can try a pop cartwheel.  It's when you do a cartwheel but when your hands hit the ground, you take them of the ground.  Once you've mastered the pop cartwheel.  It's when you do a cartwheel but when your hands hit the ground, you take them of the ground.  Once you've mastered the pop cartwheel, you should practive your takeoff in the Aerial.  You will do a hertel and lean forward and kick your leg up.  You could also do this against a wall.  After you/ve mastered all of those steps, you can ask someone strong enough to spot you in the Aerial. They can spot you a lot in the beginning and then barely spot you when you feel comfortable.  Then you can try it on your own.

Drills
	Some drills you could try to help you get closer to and Aerial is if you have access to a trampoline, then you could try jumping and kicking your feet together and do and Aerial because doing the Aerial on a trampoline you could hurt yourself if you do a ground Aerial.  Another drill is that you could practice the dive and pop cartwheel together and do a bunch of those and it will help you get closer.  You could also do handstand hops.  They are when you go into a handstand and when your hands touch ground, you hop.  Those will help you will the pop cartwheel.

Conclusion
	All in all, I hop you got your Aerial. (it takes a long time to learn it so don't get frustrated if you don't get it in one day.)  So go get something to do gymnastics on and practice Aerial!  Warning: not all exercises are suitable for everyone so if you don't feel comfortable doing it, then don't try it. 
