Kittens

Did you know kittens cant see till two weeks? Kittens are a good pet because they love to play with you. Kittens are a good pet because they love to play with you because reason 1. Be responsible of your pet. Reason 2. keep your pet feed. And most of all reason 3. They sleep with you.

	One reason that kittens are a good pet because they play with you is that be responsible of your pet. For example in the text What does Your New kitten Needs says "when bringing a kitten into your home its best when you are prepared" Another example in the text What does Your New Kitten Need says that "when your hitting the road you'll need a carrier" Finally in the text it says "your kitten has lots of energy so select bowls that can't tip over".

	Reason 2 kittens are a good pet because they play with you is that keep your pet feed because they love to play. For example in the text What Does Your New Kitten Need says that "make sure the box is roomy to prevent scatters litter around the house" because you feed your cat and you don't want poop on the floor. Another example is when you feed your cat make sure you do not feed your cat do not wear your nice clothing,it will not look too good. Finally when you feed your cat make sure you have something to keep the food from getting on your clothing.

	Reason 3. Although kittens are a good pet because they love to play because be responsible of your pet and because to keep your pet feed because of they sleep with you. For example when it's time for bed they love to come follow you to your room. Another example is when they are ready for bed they love to go to the end of the bed for when the love to sleep with you. Finally you can say to your cat that it's time for bed and than you pick them up and go to your room.

Conclusion

	In conclusion kittens are a good pet because they love to play because be responsible of your pet, and keep your pet feed and most of all, because they sleep with you I think you should get a kitten because they are a good pet to love you. Will you get a kitten?
