Terracotta Warriors

What attraction has been over 2,000 years, and is called the world's 8th wonder? The Terracotta Army!  The Terracotta army are life sized figures made out of a type of clay called terracotta.  They were built by the emperor of China, thought to be cursed, and is visited by one millino tourists each year.

The Orcer of the Emperor

The Terracotta Warriors were built by Qin Shi Huang, the emperor of China.  He believed in eternal life.  He told his slaves to build a terracotta replica of his army.  He died in 210 BC of mercury poisoning and was buried with the replica. It took the slaces an estimated 40 years to build it.  Each figure was different from the other.  They ended up building about 8,000 of them, and they were all put in a special order.  There were soldiers, horses, and chariots. Weapons were added later.

The Curse of the Terracotta Army

The clay figures have been untouched for more than 2,000 years, until in 1974, seven chinese farmers discovered it while digging.  Shortly after that, three of them caught disease, or died early deaths.  From then on, people believed that the clay warriors were cursed.  It was thought the clay army was more of a curse than a blessing.  This one reason how it fascinated many tourists each year.  The remaining four farmers were even asked to sit in the gift shop to sign signatures!

China's Famous Attraction

now the Terracotta Army is one the most famous attraction in China.  It has over one million tourists each year!  These is actually a place in the gift shop where you can take a picture of you standing in from of a replica of the clay army.  You can also buy small terracotta warriors made form real terracotta.  Another cool thing there is that you can get a book signed by one of the few farmers that discovered the terracotta army!

In Conclusion

In conclusion, the terracotta army was built by the emperor of China, once thought to be cursed, and is one of the most famous attractions in China.  Someday you should definitely visit this wonder.  
