The Gray Wolf

	Did you know that a wolf’s sense of smell is 100 times stronger than a human? Wolfs have been around for decades changing how they are since the beginning. From what animals they feast on, what they do in the pack to help out, and how the wolfs grow up. The gray wolf is a unique creature

What They Feast on

	The gray wolf tends to eat larger animals such as deer or elk mostly whatever large animal they can get a hold of. One singular full grown wolf can consume up to 20 pounds of food. Because of this, they have to hunt a lot especially if they are in a pack and they have to feed everyone. But they don’t just have to eat large animals they can also consume smaller creatures such as birds, fish, fruit, and more.

How they Help the Pack

	Most of the time the gray wolf will be in a pack of a couple of other wolves. The leader of the pack is usually the mom and dad or known as the alphas. The alphas are the ones who go hunting for the pack and choose den sites and more, they are the heavyweight lifters of the pack. The Wolves also have many different ways to communicate with each other. One way is by howling to signal that they might be in danger or in trouble. Another way would be through body language, for instants if a wolf feels threatened it will growl and get into a sort of fighting stance.

Life Growing up as a Wolf

	When the grey wolf is born it’s born defenseless against other predators this leads the mother to be with her baby every day. While this happens other wolfs help collect food and other stuff the mother needs. The wolfs play a lot when growing up it almost acts like how a normal kid would act. When the baby is grown enough to hunt it goes into the wild to live on its own.

	All in all the grey wolf is a marvelous creature from what animals it eats, to how they contribute to the pack, and life growing up as a wolf. Although it seems like wolves are growing in population people are still hunting these animals, just imagine life without wolves?
